Rated Taste is Good ,the ambient is too noisy FOOD - 2 SERVICE - 4 TASTE - 2 AMBIENT - 1 VALUE FOR MONEY - 2 REVISIT URGE - 1 only concern is taste.
Rated Visited this place after some gap in last month. No valet parking,no credit cards, always there is a crowd so you need to wait, food is OK but pricey, desserts are good. I am finding it to be hyped restaurant with so many negatives against few positives. In today's digital world if an restaurant doesnt take credit card then it's not happening. You cant expect coming to a overpriced restaurant with too much cash in pockets, come on we are in the world of digital wallets. Coming to food, when ovenfresh started it used to serve sandwiches, burgers and pastries. The place was small, with time they expanded in to bigger place. They also used to serve egg sandwiches which were to die for, with time they stopped serving them. There was a time when people used to flock for desserts to ovenfresh but nowadays there are many options for desserts also. I would say with long wait, parking issue and no credit card it's an not a worth place except for few dishes which are overpriced.
Rated One of the best biryani's I have ever had in my life. Being a local resident this is one of the regular eating joint for me. They used to serve tandoori chicken, crumb fried chicken, kheema pattice, burger. I dont think this still exist on the menu and I miss that. Been fan of this since 90's and looking forward for all those finger licking delicacies back on the menu.
Rated It was my worst visit to this restaurant. The food and its quality and service all r not just worth..Biryanis are selectively better but its total waste of money...?
Rated All of us know the concept of Sigree(assuming). For those of you who don't know, Sigree is a restaurant where you get barbecue(veg & non-veg) on your table. They have an arrangement where in the middle of the table is where they will put the barbecue and then continue to bring the barbecue on skewers till the time you want. In simple words, unlimited. This particular outing at Sigree was because we were a group of 14 and thought of coming here as there is no need to worry about what to order, what not to order kind of stuff. This was a tuesday and we thought that the place might not be crowded. They started with the welcome basket and the welcome drink(unlimited) and then started the problem. Among the 14, 4 were veg and the rest were non-veg. The staff would just not bring veg unless you remind him 3-4 times. Ok, if that was not enough, for the non-veg stuff, we asked, reminded and followed up with the staff for almost 25 minutes to get the fried prawns and seekh kebab. Not sure what was the problem but he would always say, Yes, I am getting it next but everything else was being brought in abundance, just what we requested was not being brought. I have been to the Malad outlet twice, once on 14th Feb for valentines and one on a weekend(guessing it was a weekend), but never had such service issues. I am hoping this to be a one time issue and if I ever go back here(which is very unlikely in the near future) and if the service has improved, I will definitely increase the ratings.
Rated The most underwhelming food experience I've had in a long long time. Had the bbq chicken bao. Serving size, availability, taste, presentation and service everything about this place was disappointing. Never going back unless they seriously change their game.
Rated Went on a Sunday evening to wade away Monday blues, cursing our decision though. Food is below average, is there even a way to make substandard momos! We called for Singaporean salad, it said stir fried vegetables with grilled tofu n crushed peanuts. The tofu wasn't grilled n it tasted like paneer, there were no crushed peanuts so asked them and they just bluntly took the bowl n filled with so much crushed peanuts. The people who work there have no enthusiasm whatsoever. Friend called for a chicken curry with rice, which was average as well. Located inside the Todi mill complex this place was such a disappointment. To make ourselves feel better we had to go to zoe for desserts.
Rated Finally visited the iconic cafe. Ordered fish and chips, cold coffee and butter chicken with naan. The food is excellent! Butter chicken was one of the best I've had so far. Overpriced food is the only complaint.
Rated This place is the bomb. After having a hectic day, just going there and being welcomed is just beautiful. The pizzas here are out of the world especially the Bombay Masala. It is my favourite dish in this while place. It is full of Indian spices and has a tadka if you may say which just has bomb of flavours in it. We also had the vegetarian pizza which was full of vegetables and was quite overwhelming. I have been to this place a couple of times and have always been impressed. This is a must go to place.
Rated It's been a long wait for some good food to be served at Jamjar Diner. With 10 of us fighting over which restaurant to go, one suggested Jamjar and that's the last time we are trusting her with choosing a place to eat. Ambience: A tad hard to find during the night. Once entered, the interiors were well done with all the cool elements. But the seating was very uncomfortable. Service: We were first given a table on floor above and later shifted on ground. No perfect reason given. The servers downstairs, on the ground floor, were forgetful and reckless. Took more than half hour for shakes to come. Pizza ordered first came the last approx forty five minutes later (seems they were practising FiLo). Food: Orders were brownie shakes, mint chocolate chip, coffee hazelnut and caramel shake, olive feta crostini, nachos and onion rings for small plates and White penne margarita pizza for mains. Brownie shake stood out. Crostini was bad and nachos followed the suite. How could anyone go wrong with nachos? Pasta in Alfredo was good treat, while the mozzarella in pizza was burnt which gave it a smell which didn't appease others. Overall: Everyone's experience is different and from my dining, it's plausible to say it's highly overrated.
Rated The Philly Cheese Chicken Sandwhich - Multigrain sub filled with grilled chicken strips, roasted bell peppers, onion rings in a BBQ Mustard sauce and melted #heese . And yea an Oreo Shake completes it! Yum!
Rated I have ordered food from this restaurant through zomato and it turned out to be total disaster....I ordered Bombay burger and veg chilies....the later was too bad and the former so cold that it became worse....no sauces were served no chutneys not even a sachet of tomato ketchup.... The experience just couldn't be worse...
Rated Ordered food for delivery via Zomato and extremely disappointed in the customer service. Once my order was placed I was called and after a little difficulty with a language barrier it seems that part of my order i.e. the nan bread was unavailable. No problem I asked for an alternative and that seemed to cause a little confusion with an inability to give me a choice or a price. Online it had shown a 45 minute delivery period but that suddenly jumped to 2 hours once my order was placed. I asked for confirmation of that fact as if it was really 2 hours then I wanted to cancel my order. Again either a language barrier or just that they wouldn't cancel so I said go ahead and deliver asap and they assured me it would be within 45 minutes. 1 hour 15 minutes later my order arrived. The delivery guy gave me the food and the bill (I had not idea what the new cost was going to be as they couldn't confirm over the phone) After a 100 rupee delivery charge the bill was less still just less than 800 so great value although not so much when you only have 1000 rupees and the delivery guy just laughs when you ask for change. I guess I was the idiot who gave him the 1000 as he laughed in my face (would have preferred a thank you) but at this point it didn't matter how tasty the food was I would never order from here again. There are too many great options to waste my time being treated so poorly. nofixedabodeforsue.com
Rated The restaurant doesn't live up to the hype. Went for the buffet and all I got was disappointment, yes, the ambience is completely different but that's where everything stops for this place.
Rated Hard Rock celebrates it's 10th anniversary in Mumbai. Insane levels of pumped up energy is what made it so awesome! The entire restaurant was up tapping their feet to rock, retro & edm hits! Moving on to the food, we started with Mac & Cheese Poppers served with a cheesy Alfredo dip, the poppers were yummy & fried to perfection. Nachos were tasty, typical American style loaded nachos served with guacamole on the side. Santa Fe spring rolls are a must have! Main course consisted of Twisted Mac & Penne Arabiata. Twisted Mac was gooey & delicious. The Arabiata lacked a certain oomph. And of course, a night at Hard Rock is incomplete without the entire staff standing on top & dancing on the evergreen YMCA!!! It's been 10 years since this awesome place opened up in Worli. Good food, great ambience & brilliant service! Hats off to the entire staff of Hard Rock Cafe for making dining at a restaurant so much more than just food.
Rated Disclaimer: This review is solely on the basis of food. Slightly delayed review, but on New Year's day when my office was one of the few silly places to ask it's employees to come to work, I decided to cheer myself up with a lunch by myself at Hard Rock Cafe. Bad idea! I am a fan of soups and though not on their menu, I checked with them if they had any soup. Surprisingly they did have the Chilli soup. What came was a bit of a surprise. The soup tasted like strained tomato with a lot of garlic bits thrown in for company. The accompanying bread too came with a field of garlic on it. I don't have a problem with garlic but some taste apart from it would be nice. The bummer though was the veg fajita. The problem might be that for me the benchmark for fajita in Mumbai remains Chili's. The fajita at this place claimed to have guacamole, which though was conspicuously missing in the final dish. The tortilla was a little dry and vegetables uninspiring. Final word: the place is know for live music, atmosphere and it's drinks. Go for that and expect very little from the food.
Rated I am personally quite a huge fan of their pizzas. But they don't serve cold coffee and some or their drinks are quite bad. They use pipes to line the ceiling, making for some interesting decor.
Rated Joey's pizza! Joey's pizza! it was in my hanging around my wishlist from a very long time. After the reviews i read on Zomato i thought this place will be worth the try. So i decided to visit this place on a Sunday. This place is located in the same lane of China Pavilion which is bang opp Versova police station. I visited this place at 20:00 after a drive from south Mumbai. I reach here see the place is fully packed with lots of people waiting for parcels and a table. One hour of estimated waiting time was provided but it took one and a half hour pathetic really😑. Hunger levels at the top of the world were now not bearable anymore but this is not the end more 1/2 hr for the order to b processed. At 22:10 i got the first bread into my stomach i have never waited such long in my life. We had ordered Veg delete,Sezchuaun chicken,spicykeema. Joey's special and tornado. With garlic bread and garlic bread with chicken kheema. I really don't remember which pizza i eat when as the order was coming after we had to drag the waiter towards us. We got one garlic bread after everything got over. But i did liked all the pizzas. The service out here is awful the staff is very rude and unsupportive. I asked him about the pizzas which is what he couldn't reply he called his senior, his senior comes tells me about one pizza and runs off😑. They also did a mess by giving us wrong pizzas lucky we didn't had them. But unfortunately there was a couple behind they were also treated with the same mess there, but they had started with the pizza. They sensed the mess and reported having the wrong pizza. It doesn't end here the senior asks them to pay for the pizza instead they had ordered Medium size he asks him to pay for atleast Small size. This is the worst ever service i had witnessed the arguments kept on getting heated the senior isn't ready to accept his mistake from his end. But the pizzas were good and thumbs up to their pizzas but service is a nightmare. You need more staff to go on with the flow.
Rated Ok so after reading a ton of good reviews for Joey's I am hesitating to write my review! First of all I was annoyed by this noisy place which had stiff and uncomfortable chairs! I was the only vegetarian in the group and thus when my mates were lickin their fingers off pepperoni I was slogging to finish my pizza with bitter olives and my mood was indeed embittered by this experience! Non vegetarian food might be good... but a Big Noo for Vegetarians 😮
Rated I would have given this place 4/5 rating but because of these reasons I am giving only 2.5. 1. We ordered one normal base pizza and one with cheese base, but they gave both with normal bases. 2. They were not accepting their mistake that they took the wrong order and starting blaming us for that. 3. They charged us for the wrong pizza. (Only for the Cheese Base) which we didn't even get from them. 4. They changed our pizza and gave another one after 45 minutes. So we were charged more than the the two pizzas we had that too after the argument of about 15 minutes. Pizza was decent specially the with the cheese base. But the overall experience was ruined by them.
Rated Very poor service and waiting for an hour to receive the order. I am not going to visit this hotel from now onwards and I have experienced this bad service thrice the service to each member is very bad
Rated Worst home delivery service ever faced in my life.....this Restaurant is only 10mins distance from my house.... I ordered food at 8.45 and they got my parcel at 10.45...after 2 hrs...bullshit service...please any one dont order from this restaurant ever.
Rated Food is strictly ordinary. Ordered the pasta and it was lumpy and the pasta threads were all ripped. I have had home delivered pasta and inspite of delivery 30 mins later, it has come in non lumpy. Also ordered bacon wrapped prawns. The bacon was slightly undercooked.
Rated Update 2.0: these guys were really kind and sent me a free order meal along with a huge cake. Thanks guys! Really appreciate you making up for last night's horror. Update: it finally arrived after 1 Hr 56 mins. Surprisingly lukewarm and not cold. Though after keeping me hungry for so long I'll say the portion won't do any justice I Placed my order at 7:40 today. I'm Still waiting for my delivery (it's 9:20 now)...needless to say I'm not going to enjoy cold food. The guy on the phone is not of much help either, he's been saying it'll take just 10 minutes since the beginning.
Rated It is by sheer chance that I stumbled upon this place. Decide to have a burger and went for the most "hatke" one ... "Just Too Much, Bacon and Beef" burger. And it wad just yummylicious ... Ekdum super buger. Will take the risk and say "Burger ho, toh Sorriso".
Rated Is this a joke? The shittiest burger I have had in a long time. How is this even a burger joint? And stale sweetcorn from a can is the salad?? Ya this must be a joke..
Rated I really liked this place! Although I must confess that it was a bit costly! The Romana pizzas actually felt really authentic and the drizzled olive oil was indeed an Icing on the crispy pizzas! The dough balls seemed quite quirky for me as a first timer! I would surely come here again(When I want to be exorbitant)
Rated review after long. Hmm . ok this time we went to pizza express near to our place (marol ). It is the second time there but they always disappoint us with their pastas. The second time also pasta turned out to be the a complete spoiler. we were so disappointed after ordering pollo pesto baked. hardly any chicken, simply bland, no taste at all. thankfully the pizzas we ordered were better and an evening was saved. the melanzane piccante (pizza) was good, again a mood killer the pizza comes with rocket leafs as mentioned in the menu but they gave us withlettuce leafs, who puts lettuce on pizza??????????????? Never coming back. disastrous food for 2500..... sad
Rated decent pizza, very slow, poor, uninformed service! Plus many draught taps with no beer in them... So overall a strictly delivery restaurant option
Rated Bad rating for the service. They have given us very little space to sit for the size of our group, though I had given them a heads up very well in advance of the arrival of people. Waiter had served us wrong beer, denied his mistake and refused to change it. Non-veg food was good, veg was average.
Rated If you are a vegetarian tis place is a big no no The restaurant has an aroma of fish every where... Place is good but the sitting arrangements sucks We went out for a family dinner though the place was too crowded the service was too the mark And most importantly food it's an average place for a foodie not great options ... Though the fish lovers wld eat n hog .. It's a strict no no for vegetarians and even chicken lovers Whatever we order we had to change it as the captain would say it's not available in kitchen or it would take time Overall bad experience
Rated Sinfully delicious. Imaginatively baked. Fancifully presented. Hopelessly irresistible. Can one ask for more ? U try once and u're hooked ! Try at your own peril ! Undoubtedly 5 Star !
Rated Only if I could rate it any lower... This place is pathetic. We ordered food at 7 pm and post calling 3 times it never came till 8.30. Pathetic place. Just plain pathetic.
Rated Wondering why I happened to visit this place after three years of staying in Powai. It's THE place to head to for those days when you're low on cash, but really need that meat binge. They serve killer kheema parathas which are unbelievably cheap! Absolute must have! There's zero ambiance value, but the food makes up for it. Total value for money kinda place!
Rated why is it mandatory to rate...why is this place so popular...why was it so crowded... is there something wrong with people's taste or they lack options... chicken biryani, anda paratha, zinga masala..these were the items I wasted my money on...I should have rather eaten my money and satisfied my hunger than putting it on this outlet...my flatmate will now have to bear all the sarcasm for don't know how long for suggesting this one to me...
Rated Worst food ever I had in my life. Cause loose motion after having form there... not only for me but for my friends too. Had suffered continues loose motion for 12hours...... it was horrible.... their kitchen if u are planing to get wasted.... you can go there. Not a gud place to have food.
Rated Horrendous food... if there was an option to give a rating below 1 that would be deserving for Sunny Da Dhaba. I saw a few ratings at 3.5 for this place and thought of trying it out for the New Year's Eve... I had ordered for Chicken tikka, chicken reshmi, mashroom tikka, fish tikka, paneer tikka, veg biryani and chicken biryani. Each and every item was horrible. The food was just a hyper overload of mouth burning chilly. The kababs were super dry and the meat was tough. The biryani was an insult to the concept of biryani. Would never go back and if you are reading this should not waste your money even trying this place.
Rated Restaurant is OK.. Not that great and food is also OK.. But it is one of the overpriced restaurant it started with a bang but slowly it is started to fade
Rated Went for lunch .. kitchen was about to close. Waiter was forcing us to eat thali rather ordering something from menu. Food was cold as it was already prepared .. chicken Masala, fish curry an even bhakri and rice was cold. Not good experience .. fish curry is expensive.
Rated Bad food... Rice had worms .. When complained was told that it is coriander .. Chicken served wAs stale in smashed form no whole peices.. Extremely bad experience
Rated A small joint on the way to Kanjurmarg station. I got a feeling of walking up to one of those old Jumboking outlets which were spread out across Mumbai. This place is somewhere between the old Jumboking and the conventional McD store. Looking at it solely as a run of the mill burger joint, this place almost does justify the 4 star rating on Zomato It offers burgers in the price range of 20-100 rs. which makes it a place to grab a quick bite in case you are in a hurry. I had the Spicy Paneer Cheesy which was soft and adequately cheesy. It would be unfair to rate this place in comparison with a McD or a Burgerking. If you are expecting burgers of that level, you could be disappointed.
Rated Definitely not a place that would appeal for a dine in. The area is a bit crowded and it would lead to difficulties while trying to find a place to park. Had a chicken biryani takeaway which was mediocre. Value for money food.
Rated Pathetic. Completely stale food. Peas in rice pulao seems artificial/fake. Chicken and rice were stale. Very spicy food despite explicitly requesting non spicy and he acknowledged.
Rated very very bad food quality. cost is very high compare to taste and quality of food serve, we had chicken noodle soup which is only like hot salted water with boil chicken pieces. real strange when we seen it got shocked!!!
Rated I ordered a non veg club sandwich. They gave three slices of bread with only mayo in it and chicken in one layer. The grilled sandwich also has the same thing except for one lesser layer of bread. Grilled sandwich is 90 and this is 180. They charged 90 extra for one slice of bread. I called and the guy said. There was no patty inside? I said no. He said he will replace. Its been 1.5 hours and still no one has come to replace. And I'm still hungry. Horrible horrible horrible service.
Rated Disappointed. Refried lollipops. Sent egg noodles when ordered for chicken. Tasteless roasted chicken. Chilly chicken ordered was main course but sent dry. Totally messed up order.
Rated Pathetic delivery. Problem with Zomato or with bellpepper not sure.. Ordered at 8:45 and promised order at 9:40. No delivery, no intimation till 10:00. Only when I called them, they said it will be another 45 minutes before delivery would happen. Would not have ordered if I knew it was going to be 2 hours for delivery. very bad experience
Rated Worst Experience....I called up the restaurant to place a home delivery order...i have placed an order multiple times so I just asked the guy who was taking an order that if I booked through ZOMATO then would it be cheaper ??He said that the prices would be higher if I booked through Zomato...so I took his word for it...but then just out of curiosity I wanted to check the rates through Zomato...it was 30 rupees less..the amount wan not much but I called up the restaurant to clarify why I was told that it would cost me more if I placed the order through Zomato...they were completely trying to deny what they had told me earlier and started calling me 'yaar' on the call... i will never ever order again and i will make an official complaint.....
Rated I thought the other bad reviews were exaggerated and so ordered. Terrible mistake. By far worst food I've ever eaten. And delivered late. I ordered the "recommended" combination rice and honey chicken. Pathetic. Bland rice bland noodles in the rice. Literally nust boiled and thrown in there. There were 3 pieces of chicken, more like bites in the entire thing. Inadequate gravy, but that was a good thing because it was so bad. I literally cried after taking a bite. Also ordered the spinach and cheese spring rolls, oily double fried pieces of garbage, too salty and stale cheese. I would call them to complain, but I want nothing more to do with them. Going to try and forget it as a bad dream and hope i don't get diarrhoea like the other reviewers. Just stick to standard delivery places in the area. No need to experiment or you'll end up regretting like me.
Rated Worst food ever! Taste is nothing great, plus it got everyone at home a stomach upset for two days! The worst thing is I had only a bite and I was throwing up for the next 24 hours due to stomach upset and nausea and regurgitations. Worst Chinese food I've ever ordered. Be warned, make an informed decision.
Rated I scream, you scream, we all scream for ICE-CREAM.. Ha-ha.. I'm so die hard fan of Natural's ice- cream shop.. The ice served by them are just so awesome. My all and every time favorite is sitapal and tender coconut and Alphonso mango something.. They have got a huge variety of flavors of ice-cream..
Rated It's a streetfood joint but he's got one of the tastiest egg delicacies ever,and what's surprising is the majority of crowd that eats there is Jain people but what i hate is his delicacies are pretty costly too!
Rated Coming since ages,road side shop with no ambiance and proper sitting.But who cares when taste is king.Be prepared for ques on weekends and they serve in cars too. Coming to food its abt ande ka funda...uhave the staple omlette,bhurji,half fries and workd but u have all crazy preps. like pizza,paplet,ghotalas and what not ..go for anything and you would not be dissapointed. Try their boiled fry and paplet ..lip smacking The masalas are potent and taste addictive. Only drawback is he uses margarine instead of oil or butter so health freaks beware and the pricing is on higher side .
Rated What comes to your mind when you hear chicken roll, chocolate bomb, blueberry cache, exotic strawberry, lemon crackle etc. Yes it is merwans cake shop. I think high quality and low price is their moto. Just loved it.
Rated Tea Pea is one of those places where you can hang out with your friends over a bunch of snacks and enjoy some board games. Basically, a place to spend some quality time with friends or yourself (there is a book shelf too). We ordered their Garlic Bread Sandwich, Cheesy Nachos, different tea mocktails like Pepper mint tea, Gulkand tea and cold coffee. Cheesy nachos were not up to the mark but we really liked their Sandwich and cold coffee. The place is light on the pockets and can be visited frequently.
Rated Mad Over Donuts very aptly named, I am really MAD OVER DONUTS from M. O. D. Apart from one time; I don't remember seeing MOD and not visiting it 😁😍 I have tried all their donuts and Choco Bomb remains my favourite. fooodgalli.wordpress.com
Rated The Tuesday MOD is one of the best things as a college going person ! Choco Bomb, Double Trouble - Chocolate dark Knight- if you like dark chocolate Rasperry and strawberry donuts were just okay actually not even okay. Never mind. Their other donuts make it up for it ! Ambience -3.5/5 Service-4.5/5 Value for Money-4/5
Rated This place is does not want their customers to stick to them.. I order for two from here every weekend.. However today as I wanted just one portion of kebab.. They were too busy to send it to their regular customer.. I didn't mind waiting.. But they just refused!! Pathetic approach to business.. Will think twice before ordering again !
Rated I've been waiting to try this place out and finally found the perfect opportunity for it. The place is small without any seating arrangement so the options are only take away or delivery. I ordered Rajasthani kebabs and Banjara kebabs. I had to wait about 10-15 minutes for the order to be made and when one has to stand next to a noisy parking lot on a busy road, it gets a bit annoying. The kebabs had gotten a little cold when I reached home but that did nothing to deprive us of their deliciousness. They were succulent and moist and wonderful. Served with a side of a mild mint and yogurt chutney and salad, it was a nice snack for three of us. They also have biryani, rolls, matka kulfi and dudhi halwa, all of which I will try soon.
Rated When in Borivali west ; if you are a South Indian Cuisine make it a point to visit here !! The Idli and Dhosa Platter are their Specialities in S.Indian Palate. Dont miss the Kulfi Falooda here.
Rated I was looking forward to visit this place as had read many reviews about it. I was passing nearby with a friend of mine so decided to try it out. We ordered Kulfi Rabdi Falooda and a KitKat shake. It was not upto the mark the way I expected it to be. I liked the Kulfi Rabdi Falooda, something different but gelled up really well. KitKat shake was really disappointing, it ended up tasting just like chocolate milk and huge chunks of KitKat in it which was really irritating, nothing innovative. Service is okay, Overpriced I feel, Ambience is just okay.
Rated Ridiculous place when a guy At reception desk is almost threatening to hit you ... After a argument when I had reserved a place , he asked me to get into waiting if I go for Sheesha . . No info was shared . Nobody knows u have separate place for Sheesha. Should have called police . The guy name is mahesh .. I don't know what can be done with such people . Management has to get better Deserves a - 1 Don't go to this place if you don't want to insulted . Everything sucks
Rated Being a rooftop place in the locality of Colaba, without a doubt the ambiance has to be very pleasing. Many Westerners & Shaikhs visit this place. Food is good, but the service is so damn slow. Seemed to me like the Waiters didn't give a damn about the Diners.
Rated I don't understand y people even like this place? Don't you kno your meat or food well? I've been to KKR twice they're roti only taste good in the entire roll. The meat filling is stale n smells weird. Typical roadside food. Complete disappointment!
Rated I was very much excited for the rolls they serve. I'm very big fan of rolls, specially rumali rolls,frank rolls, wraps etc. I knew kathi rolls are supposed to be authentic bengali rolls with gravy and all. We ordered for a paneer tikha roll and aloo burnt garlic mayo and was extremely disappointing. Lets break down into every item. ROTI was pathetic, both veg and non-veg rolls rotis were cooked on the same pan. The BURNT GARLIC MAYO was very disappointing, it had a weird pungent taste which spoiled the entire taste of the roll. THIKA PANEER was horrible thika (spicy)
Rated Yet another overhyped Mumbai joint in line with Bade Miya and the likes. Tried their so called exotic green chilli ice cream and failed to find anything exotic or different about it. I need to try more dishes to give a final verdict on the place but their flagship ice cream disappoints clearly..
Rated Take 2 hrs to process a single order and when we checked again they had lost our order. The staff constantly kept lying saying the order has left. The food was completely unsatisfactory
Rated Poor delivery experience. What i hated about it was they lied saying the order is on its way where in fact they didnt hav any idea that such order has been placed.. Took 1.5hrs to get one order..(i live half a km away from this place) Food is ok.
Rated Been trying some Wok places lately , unfortunately Wok Express did not have that wow factor i was looking for . Not that bad too but strictly ok. Flat Wheat noodles - Broccoli , Baby corn , Chinese cabbage , Zucchini ++ Chilly Basil + Hot crispy Garlic + fresh cilantro and crushed peanuts . Tasted ok , could have been better. Crystal Dumplings - ok Skipped the Sushi Chilly mushroom Bao - NO Try it out and review it .. prithvishashar.wordpress.com
Rated Theobroma, my favourite bakery in the city!! The chip butty, their signature dish and the garlic mayo that's so different which will not fail to impress. This one is definitely on my craving list. Available in chicken, bacon and egg. The cakes are divine. Our birthdays are incomplete without their chocolate truffle. The banoffee pie is also a must try for banana dessert lovers. The dense loaf and banana bread is a small thing to take away. And their cookies. I cannot stop raving about Theobroma. It's one of those places I take everyone to.
Rated Terrible service at the colaba outlet. A small group of us had come here to pick up some cupcakes (4 to be exact). It took us no less than half an hour with the extremely rude and inattentive manager and cashier. We've told our whole office to avoid this place. We were big fans of the food, but can do without being snapped at by a disgruntled worker. Avoid!!
Rated Crappiest crepes ! Filthy water jugs... Not the most friendly manager you come across .... Total disappointment ..... I am not wanting to c the bill board of this place .... Basically just a showcase of desserts with utterly tasteless stuff ...
Rated The burgers and the wraps are a treat. Don't order fries for home delivery. They can't be consumed. The chilly cheese fries are amazing for on the spot and the oreo shake. The red velvet shake was a complete disaster.
Rated Skip the siders.. Go for the burgers.. God father burger.. Big daddy burger! All mind blowing.. Do also try the batter fried oreos.. Total value for money.. And crazy stuff.. Will be back for more!
Rated Not impressed with the crowd... Lousy Service... Evry1 calling out for Aslam and Aslam hardly cared... They have a sheesha zone as well.. which is tagged as the Smoke Zone... but you can even smoke in the restaurant area. Saw a group of Teenagers abusing each other even in presence of children and females around... Burgers were freshly prepared and quickly done... The Big Daddy and The Godfather..... they are champions.. you cannot finish either of them alone... the taste was very good... they mean business when it comes to taste... this rating of 4.5 is only for the Taste... Taste - 10/10 Ambience - 6/10 Service - 5/10 Value for Money - 8/10
Rated Disclaimer- after having a burger at Howra you will not settle for bugers anywhere else. We ordered 2 Big Daddy bugers, one Shai Shai burger with chicken, one Honey Singh burger and Chicken popcorn. The burgers are bomb. Fat chicken patty, veggies, melted cheese slice and dripping sauces with two fat buns- foodgasm is the only word. The entire combination of all the elements together is mind blowingly good. And ofcourse, deep fried oreaos in bater and topped with condensed milk, and you can't move for a bit. Nice place, outdoor seating, cudve done with better ambience but the food just makes up for it.
Rated A little food joint in busy bustling market near bombarded deying mills. Seems it is like family driven cafe, however servers were little unresponsive. Although a little expensive also if compared to the quality offered. Tried thupka and herb rice. Thupka was ok and herb rice was horrible. Rest what I can suggest can be visited in case there is no option available. Damage 600 rs for thupka and rice along with chicken ginger
Rated We ordered pizza and pasta from cpk for a take out. Pizza was cold by the time it was delivered. We had ordered a penne in pesto with shrimp. We got chicken instead. The pasta was tasteless and bland. Pesto was surprisingly white instead of green. Nothing was up to the mark.
Rated Monster burgers that are so good that you can't stop moaning! The burgers are accompanied with fries, mayo and a sanitary wipe - how great is that! Must try out: 1) Jamaican Jerk Chicken Burger 2) Original Frisbee Chicken Burger 3) Cheesy Veg Burger 4) Gulkhand Shake Amazing meal!
Rated Since this place is near to my college we always end up comin coming here to eat. I recently had the cheesy fries and the alfredo pasta with ice tea. The cheesy fries tasted a bit tad but thr pasta and ice tea are great
Rated Arghhhhhh...This place is such a waste of time & money, a totally dead place with absolutely dull ambience, staff is lethargic & not at all co-operative. I had been here with my sister to spend some quality time but it turned out to be such a disastrous plan, all thanks to their very pathetic coffee😐 We had ordered a Ferrero rocher shake which was actually close to being tasteless. The hazelnut blast cold coffee was still a bit better than the ferrero rocher shake, the bronze frost coffee was the worst amongst all & for these three small sized drinks the bill was around 650 bucks which seemed like a complete waste, would never ever visit this place again. Please please please avoid.
Rated Been here loads of times but atlast i remembered to write out an review. Special for its cheesy stuff.. Do try thier new Malwani Cheese Melted Garlic Bread and alos their Masala Milk.
Rated My experience here was disappointing. Place is very small and I found it unhygienic, you can't just have their regular water! Food is not at all cheap. We ordered Cheese chilly toast (recommended by zomato), costed 190 bucks! Moreover, it was not that tasty. Mulund has better places to go!
Rated Heard about thambbi frm many ppl so though of visiting bt it was a bad idea..ordered pizza dosa it was okay okay n rava masala dosa that was also okay okay n d sambar sucked to d core it was lyk plain simple colour water😈sambar is ma favourite bt over here it was disaster 👎😭
Rated Food taste is okay. Quantity is very very less. We had ordered nachos with beans and salsa sauce, trust me one of the most boring nachos i've ever had. The salsa sauce was moreover like a tomato pickle or sabji. They served me kiwi margarita with a STRAW and yes some pieces of apple in it. I think the bartender needs to understand the diff between margarita and sangria. There was no taste of kiwi in it tho. Highly disappointed. Still i took a risk to order a dessert and made a mistake again. Tiramitsu had a excessive amount of gelatine in it and so it tasted really bad.
Rated I really crib and cringe not to go this particular outlet of domino's, whenever my friends set afloat domino's idea. I'd rather go to RMall or Mulund East to binge on the amazing domino's pizza. This place has a scary vibe to it, the staircase gives me nightmares. How can they even think of building a business around such horrendous infrastructure. The pizzas and other foodstuffs are fine, but it is sad that the service is Lousy and more importantly that the fillings or the toppings are are scanty most of the time. I pray before getting in and do the same while getting down to be safe and secure with all my bones. PS: Call in for a home delivery, that saves 15 mins of your time in unnecessary adventure climb ,sans protection gear.
Rated Worst subway outlet I have been to. Bad service. The guy won't even cut the bread well. The sauces are shared and they make the customer wait. If crowded and they also have orders, they can't handle the customers. He marked the sandwiches wrong and my friend got my sandwich and I got her. She couldn't eat it as my sandwich was much spicier.
Rated An online order going wrong. Sending a not soo filled bread is totally disappointing. The bread was toasted as requested but the veggies were there only for namesake. Totally dissapointed.
Rated Oh please don't eat here! Dismissive service and pathetic food! I feel sorry for places like these. They invest in infra etc but nothing to show for it! If India's population was lower places like these wouldn't survive.
Rated Great food with a lasting taste. However i am changing my review. This is the third time they are late. Dont order for delivery they take forever and are full of reasons! It is sad to see such great food being marred by bad service. I visited and the same issue late service! Mosquitos. Guys do something about your lbs mulund branch before its too late!
Rated Horrible customer experience of all time! The order taker took the order and conveyed that the food would be delivered within 40 mins. Its been almost an hour and half now and still there is no food. Spoke to the customer order taker who said the driver / rider is lost / new so it will take another 30 mins to reach. OUTRAGEOUS. I called the centre 4 times only to have the phone shut on my face all the times. Previously also I have called and each time I have had the same experience. You would think that they would improve after giving feedback as any other self respecting chain would. I have lost hope in them and I seriously believe that they should just shut shop. Anyone else facing the same problem, give them an eye opener. Please add a negative marking button on the portal.
Rated Horrible place in terms of pricing!! For a place in borivali, it has rates higher than a Marriot!! Juices are for Rs. 234/- Steam rice is for Rs. 234/- Fries are for Rs. 400/- Mineral water is for Rs. 54/- (Rs. 20 is the market value) Imagine the margins they have!! what is the logic behind this kind of pricing. Not that quantity is humungous.. It's same as any other restaurant. Ambience: 4 storey place. My first experience of this place when I opened the door was inhaling a blast of hookah. Sad state!!!
Rated I had such a bad experience with the food here. The ambience etc is brilliant. For a place in borivali, it kinda outdoes every other restaurant in the vicinity. But the food and the service was so disappointing. After a 20 min wait on a Sunday afternoon, we managed to get a table on the first floor of the restaurant. We ordered for the following - Khichiya Masala Papad - Worst I've ever eaten. The khichiya papad had NO onions or tomato, just stale papad smeared with green chutney and even stale sev. I've never had worse khichiya in my life. The corn soup was yum and good in quantity. I'd totally recommend it. The Singapore noodles was Okayish. We didn't get the soy sauce, vinegar sauce until we had to try and get a server's attention for 15 mins. We also had a Hawaian fruit punch which was again weird. The pineapple they used to decorate the glass was smelling. I felt like bringing all this to the notice of the manager or staff, but none of them bothered to look at us. And the worst part about this? Our starters, soup, main course all of them came together. So by the time we reached to our main course, it was cold. The blueberry cheesecake saved the day. I liked the fact that they've used a coconut crumb base. The 2.5 stars are only for the soup and the dessert. I wish they'd rectify their mistake. I'd have loved to bring more friends here, but not if I'm going to get the same experience again.
Rated Poor experience at this Dominoz joint. Served cold pizza and the delivery guy forgot to bring the garlic bread sticks so we had to wait till he brought one. The quality has been degrading as well. If they need to maintain consistency they need to increase the quality of the pizzas else it will be hard for them to sustain further.
Rated Pathetic service , the attitude of the manager on duty was so bad , he looked very irritated and I also saw him cringe and use foul language when he was just asked to get some ice. The food though was good.
Rated Scam place, Takes online orders, Doesn't deliver food. Placed an order, no response, no one picks up, they randomly change orders. Never again.
Rated Too much crowded on weekends Wraps and salad are evergreen on subway Cold tea serve here is toooo good Due to crowded taking order takes some time
Rated First things first we found a plastic thread in the sabzi. Were too scandalized after that. This place is otherwise okayish and we convinced ourselves it was a genuine mistake.
Rated so here i'm posting review after 4th visit. located on link road prime location its attract good crowd therefore they increased timing from 5 to 2 in night to 11 to 2 till night about visit food and experience- every time i visited mostly ate italian because it is their main speciality i found it funny when people visit hotels which are special in cuisines other than chinese and then orders triple rice and manchurian balls and then complain about taste if you are interested in chinese then please find some other restaurants. about food all their pastas are very good and tasty 2nd thing they are good in pizza and all from bread lovers. about services this is area where they need to works a lot and should reduce many errors which occurred during all my visit , first of all they use foreign policy like pay for water they put small bottle of water on table charging 30 rs but no glasses every time you have to ask for glasses then 2nd thing is that they are slow in service like your empty plates remains on table for long time unless until you order more and there is no place for new dishes sometimes they pick up everything after you pays and leaves. in one visit we ordered nachos which was took 30 minute to serves and tasted different also its cheese was tasted weird so we asked and they took it back and said we are preparing fresh after 30 min they said it will take time so we canceled it in the end. another thing is that they many time charge weird price mostly mistake as they state and then says sorry we have lack of staff that's why it happened only 2 guys are their who takes orders, serves, cleans and makes bills if your hotel have demand then you should hire more staff to reduce this errors so whenever you go there dont just pay bill blindly check dishes and their charges, on first visit ordered mojito and they served lime soda and charged for mojito 2nd time 2 pasta and fused fries and they made bill of 2 pasta and fusion pasta which was 80 rs more than fries after pointing they corrected and wrote fused price but again priced 140 instead of 120 after that we literally took menu card and checked everything and calculated amount so if you love pastas and pizza and have long time to spend must visit but keep eyes open while paying bills Ambiance- good 3 Food - tasty 4 service- bad 1.5 overall 2.5
Rated I used to pass by Choi Kim Cuisine in IC Colony very frequently but never got a chance to dine in, finally I did went on to try out their food. I ordered Chicken Haka Tofu Kay Thong Soup, Chicken Vietnamese Spring Roll and Chicken Burnt Garlic Rice. It was disappointing, they did had flavours of their own but it lacked something or the other. It was rather a Bland Chinese meal which I had. Service is really slow, it took ages. Bit overpriced. Ambience is just okay, congested a bit.
Rated Choi kim used to be my usual go to place for Chinese food, but off late they have dropped their standards. My all time favourite was the chicken lollipop, schez rice and the kung pao was to die for. Had ordered from here recently and the taste was not at all the same.
Rated Was here sometime with my family. We were suggested to visit this place from a couple of friends. There was a long waiting here which was our fault as we did not know about it. The food that we ordered was all average there was nothing that was so out of the box or extravagant. The only thing I liked here was the virgin pinacolada which I found really good as compared to most places as I have been. The service is the worst part of this place. We had to ask then for water for the 1st time itself. Cutleries needed to be requested. The waiters lacked training. They even managed to drop a bowl of sauce on my mother. Fortunately, nothing spilled on her. All in all I would not go to this place again. Food 2. 0 Service 1. 5 Ambienc 2. 5
Rated I used to be a big fan of Zaffran, when they had only one outlet. This one is really bad. The service is definitely bad but on top of that the quality of food har really gone down.
Rated This two is only because this place exists.Ambiance matters little for me when the food sucks. Everything from the kebabs to the main course dishes tasted sweet and the irony, of all the things the desserts turned out be the worst. Amount of money that I shelved at this place , i could have eaten my heart out for a whole week at Baghdadi. For any cheaptard like me, go to this place only for a office lunch, maybe not even then. There's no reason why one should suffer through this. My recommendations to have at this place, rien (google it)
Rated A small overrated outlet in Prabhadevi, Crave was a big disappointment.Service is too slow, we waiting for an hour for pizza.Ice tea was brought to the table almost after 20 min and this was the scene when the place was not even full.Food is just average and hyped.Pathetic experience!
Rated One of the okiesh place to visit. Burgers are totally ordinary and costly too i am not talking about money for those who have budget. The Knockout burger minced patty of lamb, onions, lettuce, cheese sauce the taste is so average. One more thing I'll tell you the patty was so bad and forzen too..if you're worried about sensitive stomach be very careful. Warm Regards, Kunal Kowli.
Rated Jimmy Boy had been on my list of to visit places for a very long time. I happened to be in the area recently and decided to make a quick visit. When I reached by 2 in the afternoon the mawa cakes were unavailable..which was really disappointing. I tried the caramel custard, chicken pattice and black forest pastry. The custard was so soft..it melts in your mouth. The chicken pattice had a filing of chunks of chicken in a cheesy white sauce..quite yum. The pastry was the star though...soft..not too sweet..in one word..perfect! Would love to try out the other stuff next time.Cheers!!!
Rated A nice place was on my list for a long time, amazing ambience. Must try Mutton Dhansak, Mutton Biryani, Prawns curry, fish. Don't miss ever the Raspberry drink and Caramel custard it will be criminal to miss it...
Rated This place is greaaat in terms of ambiance and the crowd (which is obvious, since it is pricey). The night we visited, there was a retro night, and hence did not spend too much time here. However, go for partying more than the food!
Rated The only good thing about this place is the caramel custard. I usually find good things to say about all the places I visit. But, this one was a really tough bullet to bite. I was really disappointed to see the amount of oil they use to cook all their dishes. I have even ordered in a couple of times and spent at least 5 minutes trying to decant layers of oil from the food. The chicken tikka biryani tastes okay but features the same problem that almost all reviewers have been harping on (too much oil). In my opinion, this problem should be addressed soon. Disappointed.
Rated Didn't have food here. But deserves a 0 star just because of its arrogant manager, whatever his name is. He simply refused to heed our repeated requests to change our seats to a more comfortable vacant table - he kept saying the next guests would have a problem. Looks like he had his family coming. Even when we were walking out, he just kept a straight face. Never coming back again! Please feed your family/friends only!
Rated Grew up eating dosas here So rating this place will be unjust But eating here is more emotional than for hunger may be the old taste is still in my taste buds and don't want to forget it till you are not allowed to eat it The dosa idli upma jhangiri Chaas mysore dosa Onion utaapa Mixture Cofee All on the menu is worth a try Too bad they don't make murruku any more Will come to this place till I can walk to this place
Rated FIRST IMPRESSION Seems like a typical B grade restaurant, but seemed very popular. The tables are standard and have uncomfortable benches. But we were really hungry and weren't thinking straight. FOOD I ordered the idli vada and was not really impressed. The vada was soft and the idli had a very strange aftertaste. The up a was bland with the occasional chilly and I didn't really finish it. We were there for breakfast, so we tried the tea and it was kind of average. The dosas were also very oily and heavy. The puri bhaji was kind of good. AMBIANCE Very badly maintained place and the overall feeling it gave was not very welcoming. The waiters were rude and had ego issues. Any additional order was taken with a frown and attitude. SERVICE Very slow service. For 80% of the time, no one was even in the area where we sat and it was a task placing an order. For some reason they refuse to use pads to take the order and hence, we being a large group, he had to confirm The order multiple times which was very annoying. I RECOMMEND Not going there.
Rated Poor quality of food, ordered butter chicken n there was hardly any chicken n the gravy was watery n roomali rotis were rubbery n the lamb biryani was horrendous!! Please shape your quality or Else ship out! Expensive for the kind of quality n quantity!!
Rated So out of the many times that we've been here, our recent experience was the worst one. Wanting to experiment with something new, we ordered for the Prawn in Butter Garlic Sauce, Surmai Pulimunchi and Bharla Bombil. Each dish a disaster of its own version, The starters - Prawns was slightly undercooked more like a ceviche placed in butter garlic sauce. Quantity base - Prawn 30%, Butter 10%, Garlic 60%. Woah mate, whatever happened to balancing it out. Main Course was the Pulimunchi with Neer Dosa. This dish was so hot, the dosa was our only saviour! Flavour wise, we'd give this dish another chance, however, after specifically mentioning that the heat needs to be reduced. And finally the last dish was the Bharla Bombil. Nothing close to what we were expecting visually; worse, when we tasted it. The outer crust was delicious and the small prawn filling sure was a surprise, but the prawns shells with it. GOD, SUCH A SIN! With much disappointment here, we wouldn't dare ourselves for the dessert. From really high expectations, this experience hit the ground so hard for us, we may never step back into this place ever again!
Rated The food I had ordered tasted stale. Maybe that's why it's so cheap. They don't have much to choose from. It's mostly chicken or mutton rolls that you get there, and for vegetarians, some regular starters that you usually get in parties.
Rated To Start up with,It aint EXCEPTIONAL as everyone writes it to be.Service was pathetic, took them 15 mins to get Roti every time, Servers were very distracted and seemed to be concentrating on only one huge table apparently.Everyone write some insane reviews out here about this place, but seriously ive had better and way more reasonable.Practically overpriced and you pay extra for bad service and mediocre food
Rated Good food but the worst delivery ever received in the whole life.... A small kid is send for delivery and that poor kid is unable to find address for more than 40 mins... Customer gets fed up waiting food starving badly.... All big grown up men working in the restaurant just sit and lay eggs...
Rated It was disastrous. I ordered the mutton paya masala and they charged 200rs for something that was literally inedible. The paya wasn't cooked enough and it clearly was mutton masala gravy that they used. Plus the 7up pet bottle wouldn't open despite me trying pliers and a knife. Horrible encounter and overpriced place
Rated Never order from here if u wanna eat on time. I place an order at 1.30 pm and was delivered to me at 2.50pm and they had assuered me theyll deliver it in 20 mins. Also they get it after three calls and they mess up the order and when asked they respond sayin sorry someone else took the order .I dont even undestand what that means ...Why is "SOMEONE ELSE" picking up ur order calls. First and last time ever.
Rated Had been der tthis evening its near dahisar bridge the crowded place filled with young crowd had 2 pack of chicken mcgrill it also has a seperate party place and 1st floor sitting area....
Rated Crowd is really bad out here. I had visited during monsoon, as it was really in bad condition. Service is pretty slow. An ok place if u don't want a crowded MC D.
Rated Food is decent . However the customer service of the staff here is pathetic. The waiter taking the order as well the one placing the plates , both of them ignored my request for a mosquito coil that I made to each of them twice . I was sitting in the open air so the mosquitoes was making it very uneasy and they completely ignored my request even after both of them said that they would take care of it in a min. It did not come till the very end . Very bad customer service overall.
Rated Really bad experience on both instances that I visited the place. First instance we went at 10.30pm and the Restaurant was predominantly empty. The waiters were Extremely pushy and impatient and there was a point in time where there were about 4 waiters standing around the table watching us while we ate. The minute a bowl hit the table they didn't check if there was more left but were carrying it away. Had to call them back and tell them that we hadn't finished that particular dish. To add to it their portion sizes are not worth the cost. We told the waiters on numerous occasions to give us our space but to no avail. The manager was sitting just two tables away eating his dinner but didn't bother intervening. The second instance the Hotel was much busier but the first dish I ordered was a tomato soup and when it arrived I took one drink only to realize to my Horror there was a mosquito doing the backstroke in my soup. Called the Manager who took it away, didn't bother replacing it and what do you know time of the bill the soup was charged. I think that was a special soup. ( A One Spoon Mosquito soup) This place should not be called Royale masterchef but Royal master flop. I wish I had my phone that day I'd have a picture here of the Olympic mosquito Swimmer in tomato soup
Rated One of the hidden jewels of the suburbs. This place is best for Kerala and Manglorean food. Try chicken Gussi with neer dosa or egg appam. Not to miss desert - parippu payasam.
Rated Worst communication & order complications. Diya Hua order pura hi nahi karte. Never ever order from this restaurant. Even i faced this type thing two times then also no change in their behaviour
Rated Food quality is poor, also food lack taste. thinking to order based on their food pricing, so please don't order. it would be waste of your money.
Rated A small kitchen with a few tables.....to start with the service it was really very slow.....i ordered for a beef burger which was juicy & yummy! But the chicken burger was very bland and did not justify its name. The cheesy fries with ham were actually some fries placed on over melted cheese that tasted like milk.....the ice lemon tea was just made out of readymade stuff & the the straw was of very cheap quality......the cold coffee made us wait for 15mins then they said they wont b able to serve it as the chef was busy & would take more time.....this was a very ugly reason they gave us...this was a big dissappointment for us! Over all its just a one time visit place.
Rated Posting this review after a long time . Bad Staff and Bad service by the staff ! AVOID
Rated Avoid. Drinks are expensive. Food is bad. Service is slow. They are a complete package of doom. I've added .5 just cuz they apologised for the speed of their service.
Rated In short cakes are stale, snacks are old n not fresh, and there is a high probability of finding dead flies and insects in the food. Have personally experienced all of the above.
Rated Worst restaurant ever I seen....they give a worst chicken tikka ever....check out the photos.....their employees are always busy on phone.....don't attend the customer in well mannered.....
Rated This is one of the oldest restaurants at dahisar west . It's never crowded you can go anytime and get a place no reservations required. The food here is really good. I have never had a bad experience here .
Rated Grease garam masala lot of spices no flavor that is standard recipe for any dish ordered once will never make that mistake again...............
Rated This review is for a home delivery. I was too bored to venture out on a Sunday evening for dinner hence searched Zomato for a good restaurant. For some reason unknown, I felt like having Pasta. This restaurant had some decent ratings and hence placed my order. I gave my address and my order for a Tomato & Cheese Bruschetta and Alfredo Pasta. The order would be delivered in 45-50 minutes, I was told. The clock ticked 60 minutes and my order had not yet arrived, so I called up the restaurant only to be told that it had left quite some time back. The person promised to check and get back to me. 15 minutes past my call, my doorbell rang and a person who was profusely sweating was holding my parcel. I casually asked what took him so long. He told me that he was searching for the address for the past 15 minutes. I asked for the chit on which the address was given to him, it had the name of the building, the lane, nearest landmark and most importantly the contact number. What more do you need, I asked him. His Royal Highness replied with a kingly attitude, “building number nahi tha, issliye dhoond ne mein problem hua”. Sorry Sir, I said and if there is a next time, I will remember to provide my building number. The Tomato & Cheese Bruschetta had gone cold and the cheese had a rubbery feeling and a sour taste to it. The tomatoes were a mix of sour and sweet taste and the cheese being sour only added to the sourness. No oregano or chili flakes were sent along with it. Alfredo Pasta was the next order. Due to the time taken to find my otherwise complete address, the pasta had dried out and become one whole chunk of Penne Pasta. I discarded the top layer of the pasta which was completely dry. The Pasta had loads of veggies in it; mushrooms, broccoli, bell peppers. It resembled more like a Mix-Veg Pasta than Alfredo pasta and the sauce was nowhere to be seen. I had to deep dive to the bottom of the container and scoop out the sauce from the bottom. I like veggies in my food but these guys had overdone it. The garlic bread supplied along with the pasta had chunks of garlic pieces on it and had signs of melted butter on it but that too had turned rigid. All of the above gave me a set my back by Rs.370 inclusive of taxes. Well, this turned out to be forgetful experience for me and the last one with this restaurant. They need to improve big time on their home delivery module. Actually speaking my residence is an exact 15 minute walk from this restaurant and yet this delay. And yes, the promised call-back from the restaurant after checking the delivery status hasn’t set my phone ringing. Food Quality – 2.5/5 Food Quantity – 3.5/5 Service – 2/5 Price – 2.5/5
Rated Sizzling bar house and chilli house belong to one group. Located right next to chilli house. The ambiance is nothing great and so is the service. Had ordered for mushroom alfredo. Was probably one of the worst dishes I have had in my life. The sauce was totally bland and tasteless and the mushroom did not have any flavor. After having their starter was not really in the mood to order more food as was quite disappointed with the one dish I had ordered. The service is also pretty okay. Overall quite a bad experience.
Rated I am visiting this restaurant since my childhood...was never disappointed with the quality of food its very crowded after 8.30 pm...Don't forget to try their tisrya suke,Mutton masala,Chicken lollipop and The vada here is very crispy...good place to visit with family...!!
Rated Recently got a take away from this place. Being bored of the cliched sea food restaurants around my house, thought this would be a good change. The food quantity was varied. While we got some 5-6 prawns in the fried prawns, the fish fry quantity was pretty good. The clamps came in big quantities too. As far as the quality is concerned, it was a bit of a let down. Tasty, yes but too much oil. The pomfret had quite a bit of salt. So overall, nothing extra ordinary.
Rated Highly over rated place. They did have their days of glory but now with mismanagement, the quality here is atrocious. The seafood stale, the chicken and mutton straight out of the deep freezer and the attitude of the management and the waiters is to be believed. A place which I would never put my foot again. Horrible the only word best describes this place.
Rated The crab was undercooked. Bombill allryte King prawns shrunk. Surmai and crab masala made up for all. Sol kadi OK types Nimbooz yum......... On a hard month end I would visit again....
Rated Been here lots of time for dining with family. My best is Paplet Koliwada and Prawns Koliwada. But sometines you need to check as you may get stale food also. I did get stale crab curry once and also prawns koliwada recently.
Rated The place was dead quiet on a sunday afternoon and in Dadar west location , this place kind of surprised us. For a moment I thought it was closed but then we saw one table occupied by a family. The place was dark and gloomy and several empty tables .Keeping ourselves away from that ambiance we ordered chicken Thai style , schezwan fish for starters and tom Yun goon rice for main course. Every dish we iedere was of mediocre taste nothing exquisite or unique to this place. I would not recommend tom Yun goon rice to folks coz it had mint flavour mostly cause of lemon grass in it. The quantity of food was good. Service again was average . And yeah sizzling bar house and chilli house are same , you get both the menus . Chilli House
Rated Chilli house is a restaurant located in the Star mall near Dadar plaza theatre. This place is a combination of two restaurants together- Chilli house and a part of it is SBH (Sizzlers Bar House). There is a 50% off on Domestic alcohol. They have options of lot of starters in veg and non-veg. They also have set menus if you wish to order individual choices. The set menu consists of a soup, a starter and a main course (rice/noodle) optional. Cost: ₹380 only. We tried the kum pao paneer, crispy chicken in the starters. Chicken burnt garlic fried rice and chicken is oyster sauce gravy. The food is spectacularly good, it was not "indian-ised" with that scary 'orange-red' colour to the kum pao paneer. The quantity of a dish is pretty huge, 2 people can easily share one portion. However, I have rated this place less because of their utterly slow service. The service boys are hassled and looked inattentive. We had to call out 3-4times to them till someone would notice. There is a small party area where the bar is located, they give that on rent for small parties- can accommodate approximately 25-30 people. Over all, not really a bad place if you are little tight on the budget. Good food, very reasonably priced!
Rated Food is horrible ,ordered Red dry chilly chicken which wasn't upto the mark, triple schezwan fried rice which was nothing but some tasteless gravy and hell lot of noodles with no RICE in it !!! Poor service & very slow kinda responsive staff. Only good thing is price & booze rates, but it would be great if they improvise in their food quality.
Rated No value for money! Bad sushi, bad sushi, bad boy... sushi I've ever eaten in my life, I'm not a native to sushi. But I found the fish smelly and the rice hard. The ginger was local.. I lost my appetite to eat. I paid for a party pack and...could move beyond the appetisers. I want my money back
Rated Could have given a rating of 0 but unfortunately can't. This is just to warn other foodies to avoid this outlet even if they give you a free meal. Otherwise burger king is good. But this outlet is pathetic. Service is slow. The patty in the xtra long chicken was hard and had something that looked like dried up blood. Probably the patty was reheated as it was oily too. This is the 2nd time i have had issues at this outlet. Should have clicked a pic. I just lost my cool when the guy replacing the burger casually said to go online and give a feedback. The online feedback is a questionnaire with more than 100 questions and I don't have that kind of patience. They don't have a helpline number either. Really pathetic. Next time its gonna be McDonald's across. At least they are consistent in their quality.
Rated It's quite pricey for a place that's relatively new. The food quality is bad. Ironically, it's not fresh at all! On a side note, I rarely ever see anyone enter the place.
Rated worst food!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! fish fingers werent fresh at oll ... waste of money and time too. and the staff too is quite lazy...
Rated The food is too costly over here. Ordered chicken wrap and the Roti that they used was chewy. The chicken was not at all cooked. Hopeless place.
Rated This place is always crowded as it is located at Dadar. Food quality is average and the service I found is bit slow due to the crowd and demand. You will never find silence in this mc.d. None the less size wise it is huge enough and can strike off people's hunger in cheap cost.
Rated This newly opened branch of Macdonalds, located just at the entrance of the star mall is now popular with the college going youth and passersby who resort to this area for shopping. I had tough time finding myself a place here although it was 230 pm. Macdonalds has been my personal favorite for their burgers, but their shakes too have always attracted me until today! The sole reason for me dropping down their ratings is due to the pathetic chocolate shake they served with whom I was in love with. I was glad when they told me they serve machine made shake and not the Mac cafe one. But the staff ruined it all by making it way sweeter than being palatable. On going back to them with a complaint they did change it for me only to make it much sweeter than what it previously was. This is the inefficiency of the staff at this dadar west outlet. Special thanks to Ms. Shraddha for changing my shake.
Rated A normal McDonald's outlet but the service here is too slow, both take away and dine in. Its really pathetic to wait for 10 to 15 mins for a basic normal order.
Rated Hi This is a very small place situated diagonally opposite to the Siddhivinayak temple. I visited this place few days ago. I obviously didn't visit this place with an expectation of having 'authentic Chinese cuisine' so I wasn't disappointed for that part. This place serves Indian Chinese and manages to get it right without excessive oil. I went for Chicken Manchow Soup, Chicken Chilli Dry, Chicken in Oyster Sauce, Egg Fried Rice and Chicken Hakka Noodles. I am thoroughly satisfied with the quality, quantity and the taste. No complaints whatsoever. The only thing is that they don't take cards and that's quite a disappointment, to say the least. Next time when you are going at this place then do not forget to carry enough cash with you. All in all, a very good place and a complete value for money. I would be visiting this place again very soon. Thanks!
Rated Ordered food from the Dadar outlet. Wasn't disappointed at the speed of delivery despite being in Lower Parel. Do try their Prawns Curry and Surmai. Also if you get the opportunity then do visit the restaurant once.
Rated Food was tasty.... Must try mushroom burger #lemon ice tea: 7 on 10 #french fries: 7 on 10 #mushroom burger: 9 on 10 #veggies burger: 8 on 10 Delivery was quick
Rated Location of this place is very shabby and hard to find so firstly if you are going by car and following map direction..park the car outside the Gali only the moment you see too many bikes parked on left and right don't make the mistake of even Going in thinking there would be space for your car to go.. Its a self experience so avoid it.. Walk sm 100mtrs and keep watching on the left you will find a dimly lit door and steep stairs and a small board saying fat boy's kitchen once you have done the taste of climbing all the stairs there are some 4 to 5 tables full with sanitizer, tissues, ashtrays menu and a staff standing to guide you with the menu.. There is also a carrom room don't know if it is staff only o not as it was closed.. Coming to ambience it is a small place with small Streep steps on which girls must avoid wearing there heels.. And as it is open till late party goers are scene here smoking 🚬 and seating there heart out.. Coming to food I had dynamite burger and kitkat and oreo milkshake both of which were quiet good.. We had to remove dynamite out of dynamite burger as it was too spicy for us.. But it will surely be a night to remember
Rated Visit Joss for food theatricals, lip smacking oriental fare and hospitable staff. The sushi's are to die for. So is the Khao suey. Theatricals of the smokin cosmo and the blooming lotus tiramisu is a must watch. Same goes for their signature dessert - The Big Bang Theory. One can give a miss to the mocktails though.
Rated I’ve heard a lot about Joss – the on-again, off-again, hotly notorious restaurant headed by chef Farrokh Khambata, who appears to be the darling of Bollywood. With an element of cynicism, I head to check it out. I am struck by the energy of the place as I enter – for a Wednesday night, the place is postively booming – teeming with people talking, laughing and eating to a soundtrack of the latest club hits. ... Read full post on thismodeleatsalot.com
Rated This place has totally lost its charm..avoid going there if u want to lay back and treat your taste buds..been there many times so not much to explore from the menu..will only visit if i dont get a table in any other nearby restau..#off list #
Rated We visited this hyped place in Juhu as a treat from my sister on her new job. Well, obviously, she had a good amount of expectations from the place in terms of quality of food. Sadly, we were left disappointed. We ordered Smoked Pepper Rasam & Coconut Chilli Lime in soups, Malta Twisted 0range Mojito in mocktails, Chicken Tikka Popcorn & Wok Tossed Chilli Garlic Chicken in appetizers, Peri Peri Roasted Chicken Steak & Chicken Masaledar On Flames, Gooey Chocolate Brownie & Sugarfree Vanilla Rice Kheer in desserts, all of which were just OK! We had specifically asked the server if the "with flames" meant alcohol & they denied although that's what we ended up with! The ambience was noisy --- a lot of chitter chatter! All in all, they really need to work on their menu!
Rated Funky but cramped tiny place which you very easily might miss! Photos uploaded of the place are misleading and it turned out that the place is either in a need for touch up or the photos uploaded are long back! Outdoor seating is recommended. Though the italian food is 1 good factor abt dis place!
Rated I ate at the restaurant last week and have been suffering with food poisoning ever since !!! The chicken in the sizzler we ordered was un-cooked and maybe was stale ?!? I spoke to 2-3 other people and they mentioned about few similar cases too.... the standard at the restaurant has definitely deteriorated- The management needs to look into this ASAP before more people fall sick.
Rated Bad experience had to wait for so long after reminding the waiter thrice he got my food ! We ordered hummus pita bread paya soup and fish tikka out which hummus was horrible fish tikka was so salty my god couldn even eat waste of money I'm surely not coming back ...
Rated Its a small place but the variety of food it offers is huge. Place is simple but its known for its tasty food and plethora of teas. Service is painfully slow, everytime. If you are looking for a quick snack/meal and leave, this is not the place to be.
Rated Sunday evening completely ruined. Yes so I am the last person to give a negative review to any place as I understand the hard work which goes behind running a place. But when the staff or management is rude and has no sense of responsibility towards its customers , we have to stand up and write what's wrong. So we ordered food from this place last evening (Sunday 18/04) for a group of friends. Considering this place looked good and the menu had so many option we decided to call for a mix set of things. Burger, 2 pizzas, hummus , some dimsums, rice. So let me start with The pizza, messy as hell and had paper stuck to it. I have attached my food images with this review , the entire pizza was stuck to the box and damaged due to paper. My friends refused to eat it, still we tried one small piece and both the pizza tasted horrible. Burger: bad taste, no extra fillings Hummus: the dish is called hummus and the hummus was given in a tiny small box which was hardly for 1 person also. Rice: average (better than everything else) Dimsum: lacked taste and were raw So we called the restaurant 3 times after the delivery but they did not receive our calls, I have attached a screenshot for reference. The delivery message for food was received at 11.30 when our food was given to us at 9.40. Their delivery app din work. The food was paid by our hard earned money which clearly was wasted. Not to add we were left hungry on a Sunday holiday night. What is most disappointing is the restaurant did not pick up the call or were sorry for the same. Customer service ? Highly disappointed. Yes the food taste can be different for all taste buds but I am sure no one expects this kind of delivery.
Rated “Asian food tries to engage the mind, not just the palate. To provoke the intellect.” ~ Nicole Mones. Go Panda is a small quick service restaurant serving gourmet Pan-Asian food. As George Carlin says, “Prepare to shell out an extra 80% of your money when you hear fancy words such as gourmet” but Go Panda is nowhere near being an expensive food outlet. The meaning behind the name Go Panda is that ‘GO’ represents QSR and ‘PANDA’ being an animal of Asian origin symbolizes the cuisine served by them. ... Read full post on epicureans2015.wordpress.com
Rated The food is super greasy, doesn't taste authentic at all. The woks, the dimsums, the Baos, suchha huge disappointment. It lacks the flavours! Avoid this place!
Rated I was late for dinner, wanted a big Bite. Too tired to go out anywhere and to top it am on an mission to achieve flat stomach. So with all these complex situations what do you do? Go home and said it aloud.................. FUCK IT and ordered the yummiest stuff which is full of oil, spices, big chunks of meat and which taste flavourful. That's Bhuna Murg, Chilli chicken and Biryani for you. ( Chilli chicken in Mughlai?because like I said above fuck it) Food came in flat 37.23 yeah I had my watch set, ripped apart the packing and dug in. Good quantity, enough to shut me up and save some for the next day. Go take this guilt trip,order or dine in but Just don't tell your gym trainer about it.
Rated A multi floored outlet of McDonald's and probably one of the few things which is functional inside the Nirmal Lifestyle mall! This outlet is quite old now but they have maintained their reputation as I have had no trouble with it till now!
Rated When I think about Party and Chill out, my first priority is the Pop Tate's. This time we went to the Pop Tate's mulund outlet. Ambience and loud music was awasome. Food was simply awasome. Overall ratings: Food : 5/5 Ambience : 5/5 Service & Staff :4/5 Music : 5/5
Rated Was here yest aftanoon with some friends meeting them after a long time..i reached a bit late so the order was already placed..v ordered a choco bloc pan cake..it was served with cream ice cream n chocolate sauce spread over the pan cake..it was good..but not outstanding..v wanted water and they said they only have mineral water bottles which is not what u expect from a cafe..overall a decent place..
Rated The name can be a little deceptive, it has more to offer than just the chocolates . But everything is overlooked by chocolate varieties offered .I ordered chocolate brownie sundaes ,the potion was huge but the nut tasted funny . service people overlooked us(withe family) and gave preference to college students
Rated Heard a lot about kirti mehal n decided to go for dinner with family!! But disappointed!! Food quality is not good.. The way they served us was pathetic.. There is no hygiene factor.. And on Sunday Eve.. Never visit!!! Pathetic!!! Waste of money!!
Rated Visited this place a long back. This place was suggested by my friend. So after shopping time we decided to try it out. We ordered a sweet corn veg soup which was completely bland, no seasoning no taste at all. Also ordered veg crispy which was very oily that spoiled the taste of the food. Lost my appetite. Very disappointing experience.
Rated Pizza hut was a go to place for pizzas, but somehow their pizzas seemed to have fizzled out over the years as far taste, quality and variety is concerned. Boring combos and even more boring pizzas. I don't know if I would ever want to visit this place again
Rated Pathetic experience I had with this pizza joint. Only three tables were occupied for lunch including ours. Staff is lethargic and service is depressing. Couldn't believe it was the Pizza Hut experiences.
Rated Ordered chk hyderabadi biryani- pics do justice. Rice seemed slightly inferior quality but overall the biryani was ok. Chk is with bone amd you will find about 4 curry cut pieces- for the uninformed thats smaller than the pieces you use at home. Little clueless why 1. They send a papad w the biryani, 2. They send pickle and 3. Why quantity of raita is disproportionately small Took about 30 minutes to deliver for a distance of about half a kilometer. Cost 200/-
Rated The quality if service is very bad!!.. The quality of food is bad & quantity is also very less & prices are over charged!.. Overall review I would not suggest ppl if the quality if food & service remains unchanged.
Rated Don't miss chicken 65 in vikas
Rated Red velvet cake and chocolate cake from @pieceofcake_mumbai . One word:- SINFUL! Must try for all the vegetarians coz all their products are EGGLESS! They home deliver too! #livetoeat #livetoeatbombay #desserts #eggless #cakes #redvelvet #matunga
Rated You know how sometimes you want a cake that you can smash on your friend's face on his birthday but the cake you've ordered is really expensive and very delicious and you don't want to waste it? That's when you come here.
Rated Ordered from here for lunch. Didnt have any expectations- just pulled it out of the Zomato hat. Went with the Chk Triple Fried Rice which comes with a gravy as a lunch combo. The food was average- not the best, not the worst. I rate it a 3.0- the rating improved .5 because the order was here literally 15 minutes after I ordered. Could use a little less oil overall with the rice. The owner could be sweeter on the phone but that might be just a random miss and not a habit. Also tried the chk hakka noddles yesterday- downgraded to a 3.
Rated Small simple place....a bit cramped at times when it get full to its capacity....decent stuff...tends to over-sweeten the sauces at times....good for a take away
Rated S.S Chinese is this really small place and is kinda hard to find. It's that one place you can approach for cheap, good quality food. The delivery is kinda slow but worth the wait. Good to approach when you are extremely hungry and crave for cheap Chinese food!
Rated S.S. Chinese is this lil place thats supposed to serve quick, off-you-go chinese cuisine at an extremely cheap rate at an amazing and unexpected yuminess. But it didn't really stand to anyone's expectations when it was tried for the first time. Firstly whatever I wanted to have was unavailable. May be that was not the right day or hour, so I ignore that fact. But even after the order was placed, it took quite sometime to deliver. The rice was dripping too much oil. The soup that was ordered, did not come. Instead it was replaced by sonething thats my least favoraite and extremely spicy. Totally an off.
Rated This place I have visited once and a friend picked a parcel the other time..both times it was the Chocolate Ball. I have no freaking idea how does one find hair both the times and on different days. I don't know now how much of hair was given away like this.. It's really unhygienic and disgusting.
Rated Hate it. Don't even think of going in. The cakes have no natural taste and everything in the cake feels like eating sweat chemicals. All chemical type smell in the cake. Very pathetic. Samosa could serve you better inside. Everything is exorbitantly priced
Rated its totally expensive and the cakes are very hard its too damn flop think twice before you enter
Rated A good place to drink. Cheap liquor. Most of the customers in Ratna palace are regular. Even if the smoking is not allowed inside, there is a space inside near kitchen where you can go and smoke. Overall it is not a place where you would come a long way to visit. But, definitely a place to chill if you live in Matunga west. And yes. you should definitely order neer dosa here. I like this place and visit here very often with my roommates. Cheers!
Rated I think the food is extremely oily - I could not bear to see the noodles float in oil :( I think I can give this place a miss . The management also told me they don't do gravies only semi dry - who does that ?!
Rated To be frank , The food is not as bad as the service. Ordered South Indian and it was standard fare. But the waiter stared , looked annoyed when we didn't order within 2 mins of him handing us the menu card and almost literally shooed as soon as he thought we were done . Nothing much to mention abt the ambience on the ground floor. Go to this place only if you have to.
Rated Don't ever order for home delivery from this place. It will take mre then a hour to receive your order especially on Sunday's. It has moved to remote location. overall a very bad experience.
Rated This ice cream parlour (which 90% of people misspell as 'Naturals') is one of the very few Bombay-based ice cream chains. The original Juhu one has been around since decades but even this Mahavir Nagar dates back to the time I was a kid. Average sized, it can fit around 10 people at a time. Interiors are done up in typical 'Natural' colours (pun intended). The 300dpi images of fruits and ice creams adorn their walls. Their flavours are as fruity as you could get, containing fragments of their respective fruits. My personal favourites include Tender Coconut, Sitaphal, Watermelon & Coffee Walnut. For a change, you can even have their Chocobite, which has choco chips in it. But because of their limited flavours, Natural can get a bit repetitive over a period of time. That's only where it falls short of the international brands.
Rated Ordered chicken hakka noodles and chicken lollypop. Hakka noodles was fine though they make better lolly pop was a disaster they had over fried it dont go by its look its its bigger size is nothing but its coating with absolute zero moisture am disapointed .My mom orderd chilli chicken with extra chilli but was disapointed we had to ask the cook to re do it.
Rated Binjal J Kapadia and me had a home delivery from this joint and it was as per instructions to the detail. (Less spicy Pav bhaji and less roasted dosa) The delivery was exactly on time and also has the option of minimum delivery of 100 rupees. This is going to be on my list of emergency food joints for home delivery for sure.
Rated Singh Sahab is small set up placed on the busy lane going towards Chembur Camp....with well done interiors and ambience... Visited here with a bunch of friends... and had a not bad experience... Though we were a bit finicky about this place due to the mixed reviews on zomato... but didn't mind giving it a shot.... Food - 3.5/5 certain items were extremely good.... especially the biryani & kebabs however a few disappointed us as well. Amazing Presentation Ambience - 3/5 a bit congested... but not a major issue as well.... Music sucks... Crowd - You might get surprised meeting old friends. Guess it's become a favourite hangout for all Chemburites. VFM - Won't burn your pockets.... All in All one time visit place with an average rating of 3.5/5...
Rated I had been avoiding this place for quite some time as there was a bad rumour bt them nt bein very good with veg food an on that they are way to expensive bull shit they have a lot f options in veg food and people who say it's expensive I think they are idiots cos a meal for 2 would cost u around 700 which is nt at all expensive for the quality n the quantity that they serve its a 👍👍👍👍👍 for me in all the aspects like food to ambience to service everything was just perfect they have alt f options in veg n there is nuthing till date tht I have eaten here n not liked it or I felt had n average taste. They have Neva disappointed me till date their ambience gives u a finedine feel it's a superb place to have ur lunch or ur dinner over all had a superb time👍👍👍👍
Rated Lovely ambience, beware of mosquitoes! Hard to avoid Coz it's an open space. Soothing live music. And service on point. This place won't let u down!!
Rated HORRIBLE PIZZAS AND SERVICE!!! I will never come back to this place again!! People steer clear from Papa John's!! There are better options nearby like pizza express, Pizza Hut and dominos.. This joint is a disgrace to the chain Papa John's.. No service!! I mean literally I had to go to the counter to place my order! The pizzas were cold and tiny! I felt like the joint was suffering from some kind of food shortage to serve petite pizzas.. Papa John's pizzas are not this small back in the US.. My dog could eat the entire pizza in one gulp.. They served us some kind of weird drink which was supposed to be 7up but tasted more like adulterated lime water! The only pizza I liked was the newly introduced Zaffran pizza but still the size of the pizza scandalised me! To make matters worse, the servers lie at Papa John's. We placed order for a takeaway of a medium pizza that would be served with a drink of our choice. We asked for 7up and later the servers come back telling us that they are out of 7up and when we asked for the other options available they told us that we could opt for Pepsi or Mirinda. Since we dislike Pepsi we chose Mirinda and guess what after a minute the server comes back informing us that they only have Pepsi available (Then why the hell did they tell us that we could Choose Mirinda????).They didn't even have plain mineral water to provide us in place of Pepsi IMAGINE A RESTAURANT WITOUT MINERAL WATER!! Shame on you guys!! Pathetic!!
Rated Pathetic and rude steward . Went there , one of the tables was unoccupied . But it was out of balance a bit. This guy comes up and says please get up will give you another table , rather then fixing the same. Got up , waited 10/15 minutes searching for that person. No Table as the place was a bit crowded. Spoke to the manager , no reply ... So no chance of tasting Papa John's in Mumbai Will not visit that place ... Guys have attitude when they are full over to pizza Hut .. Cheers !!! prithvishashar.wordpress.com
Rated Hoppipola is all about FUN.. deriving its name from the popular Icelandic song, which basically means "jumping into puddles", this popular franchise by Speciality Group always stays honest to its theme with all the colours, liveliness and playful spirits which helps you to unwind after a long day of work or in the weekends with games, music and crazy parties with friends till the point you doze off.. However, being an old patron to the Speciality Group outlets, I do have certain expectations and pre-conceived standards everytime I visit one of their outlets and and SADLY this place fails to live up to their own metrics.. Firstly the service is Pathetic to say the least..the server seems way too rude and the more crowd keeps coming in, the hospitality keeps dropping to the point of being non-responsive.. Also what I found they allowed people to enter exceeding the capacity of the place until you find people almost surrounding your table making it uncomfortable and stuffy..definitely not expected from a place like this.. Adding to it, the music was way too loud all the times and you can't even hear what the person adjacent to you is trying to say..Sports screening became a nightmare when we realise the whole screen has been blocked by people standing in front and dancing.. Still I would say the decor was differently done keeping in line with the theme, the toy plains and long lamps hanging from the ceilings and the wooden finish gives a good-old world like charm.. Being a gastro-pub, this place is more about its cocktails and liquor rather than its food, still the quality and quantity served was way below par compared to the prices charged..We had: Chicken Trilogy: This was supposed to be 3 different types of chicken skewers served in a palate as I have seen in the Kolkata outlet..sadly only one kind of skewers were served and they were way too sticky and chewy.. The Harissian Fish: Harissa paste is supposed to be an African spice, however I didn't sample anything african in this dish, though the fish skewers were well marinated and cooked to perfection..better than the rest.. Hot Chick: Basically a pan fried chilli chicken, devoid of the chillies, loved the assortment of capsicum and onions, but the chicken were too few in numbers and the dish lacked the usual punch.. Cheesy French Fries: I forgot the actual name of the dish, most probably Slider Hotato.. basically plain, naive french fries topped with a cheesy, creamy sauce.. Spank the Cock: Indeed quirky in its naming, sadly failed to live up taste-wise.. Grilled chicken served with mashed potatoes and a spicy deep, again the chicken seemed to lack seasoning and low on flavours.. Fudge Block: Something to cheer about at the end.. Brownie with Vanilla Ice cream, topped with chocolate sauce..atleast they can't go wrong with this one..phew.. Watermelon and Basil Mojito: Nice concoction of fruits and liquor, beautifully blended.. refreshing particularly during this heat waves.. Old Monk: They had a deal where they serve 180ml for just Rs.400/-.. economical indeed.. Overall this place fails to impress, and missed that WOW factor which pulls you back again.. Not a single dish we sampled tasted delicious or memorable.. Our total cheque comes to Rs.2635/-(all incl) for 4 people.. Food: 2/5 Pricing: 3.5/5 Service: 2/5 Ambiance: 3/5
Rated This Powai outlet is a bit small and gets really really crowded as the evening proceeds on a weekend. The music is too loud and the service is sluggish. That's the reason for the 3 stars. No doubt the food quality is good, but the quantity is pretty less. The charm hoppipola once had of being a unique place is somehow fading, that's the vibe I got from this place. Initially it used to be like sit comfortably at your table, play different games, jengas especially and enjoy the company of your friends. But now the music is so loud it becomes almost impossible to communicate. That's a huge problem we as a group face when we visit hoppipola.
Rated Wanted to try out the new Chizza but left disappointed. I literally fell for their ad. I thought I was supposed to get 4 pieces but just got 2. The cheese used was poor. In the end felt that the Chizza had nothing wow in it. The bucket was decent. Could have been more spicier.
Rated Kentucky fried with an Indian twist your popcorn chicken is the best thing on the menu. I'm not a big fan of fried chicken I find the meat bland inside no flavour but these chicken bits are tasty masaledar fried to perfection.
Rated Going to keep it short. - waiters were rude and inhospitable. Despite asking in Hindi they were replying in bangla. - they seemed to have no idea about the dishes. - some dishes we ate were not worth the price. Too small portions especially starters. - most of the stuff we ordered was unavailable and we had to settle on something else to fill our tummies. - definitely not going again..
Rated Superb pasta, don't ever have the pot rice, not edible enough, shit and extremely sour and so much sugar in it. Shit is an understatement...
Rated Rude lounge Powai, this one is different to its own branches specially because of its location. The ambience is stunning. Its rare restaurant that is non Ac yet any season is favourable. Reservation for evening is necessary specially if you want your choice of table with exotic view. Food is very decent, be it pizza or punjabi starters or sizzlers, all were good. This place is not that pricey as compare of other lounges. The big laid back is the service, it can mess up your hunger, our starters were over before drinks were serve. They need not be so rude in their service to justify its name. This is second time when its service was poor. The music is good but can get you hurting if you are not in cool type of mood.
Rated Ambience - 4 Service - 4 Food - 3 For jain only al carte is available. Limited options but tasty. Ordered fried corn and paneer saute in starters. Fried rice and exotic vegetables in black bean sauce. Quantity was good and so was the price.
Rated I never got disappoint at dis outlet.. We friends usually enjoyy our tym having conversation, masti even though dis place remains crowded almost all the tym :)
Rated Had been to these place on christmas eve.. the place is just stall outside shivaji park.. but it is emencely crowded.. food is as per the standard of the brand..
Rated The dadar tibbs franky outlet is one of the oldest tibbs franky stall. It has a variety of frankies and wraps. The chicken franky is really good. Its a little expensive as it is a road side stall.
Rated Compared to other Maroosh outlets, shivaji park one is extremely a let down in terms of service and good quality. If you go and eat there l, they make you wait for 40 min even if noone is there. If the chicken is uncooked and you complain, they just shrug the shoulders and say this is what it is. If you order home delivery that would be the worst of your life. They deliver after 2 hours and above that argue that it was ordered 1 hour 45 min ago. It seems the staff hates to work there and is hell bent to destroy the reputation of otherwise tasty franchise. #maroosh #marioshdadar
Rated I was excited to have Chicken Hummus Salad and this came out as a big disappointment . I ordered it from this outlet , the chicken was burnt and stale like actually smelling , Lettuce were soggy, Hummus was less. I am never going back there.
Rated Ice Cream Works is brought to you by the same people behind Cream Centre. When this brand started out, the ice creams were quite stellar in both quality and quantity. I ranked it above Gelato, Baskin and Amul. But somewhere down the line they lost plot and reduced quality and reworked the prices if you know what I mean. The mint Fudge has a little too much fudge than desired. It should aptly be named Fudge Mint. No puns intended. The mint is completely drowned in this concoction and starts feeling tasteless in comparison to the overwhelming quantity of Fudge. The old version had lesser fudge and stronger mint. The new version is reversed. Of the remaining flavors - Salted Caramel works well for me but I do suspect that even its flavor has been off in the past few months. This particular outlet needs to warn people that they send dry ice to keep ice creams cold. We accidentally touched the dry ice when emptying the bag as we thought it was regular ice. I would still pick Ice Cream works over Amul and Naturals but not over Apsara, Hokey Pokey, Baskin Robbins and Gelato. ============================================== Desserts 3/5 Pricing 3/5 Service 2/5 grubzone.blogspot.com
Rated I had been there for dinner after a long tiring day. Not such nicely decorated place but so-so. Chinese food was so pathetic, ordered for hakka noodles and it taste like hell a noodles.. Very tasteless and half cooked almost. I guess it was first and last Chinese order there for me.
Rated Ok place Not so special usual south indian and Punjabi restaurant Masala papad is to oily and have weird dressing over it Not so expensive Nothing much to write OK Due to vicinity same thing crowded in office lunch hour on weekdays Recently tasted shezwan noodle awesomely nice must try
Rated Oven fresh is not the same as before(talking strictly about the service) The staff has endless amount of attitude and are too lazy! Their site wasn't working and takes lots of time to load. So I called them up, telling them the problem i was facing, obv they didn't give a fuck about it. Toh Kya hua business Nahi hua toh kind of attitude Never recommending this place or ordering or dining in here
Rated A place where you can chill with your friends is Barista. Located in shivaji park, is frequently visited by us. I go here only to have dark temptation. This desert is one of a kind. A deliciously warm brownie with vanilla ice cream and chocolate sause. It a perfect desert to lighten your mood.
Rated Best place have a conversation over a cup of coffee.. Service is really good.. Food is nice.. You can try Latte, cappuccino, cold coffee.. Place is little crowded sometimes.. Seating arrangement is poor! Must try: Brrista Food: 7.5/10 Beverages: 7/10 Service: 7/10
Rated Not at all happy with foods.. and the worst thing is they dont even have a washroom for the customers... the kind of washroom they have extremely filthy....
Rated The original Sachin seems to have been lost on commercials. The food was extremely bland, watery gravy and with no salt. The chicken, one could easily make out was stale. The chapati was cold and dry. Not a place to to enter again. BAD
Rated Due to the long wait at Jai Hind me n wifey headed to Hotel Sachin. After ages we entered this place. Ordered for promfret chapati and chicken sukhe thali. Before ordering the promfret fry had told the server we want tawa fry and he confirmed but when it was Served it was deep fried. Minus point.....don't lie. Chapati was very very sad. Chicken sukhe was average nothing great. Didn't get any kick to visit this place again.
Rated Amzing resto with classical interior Tried kings beer Almost fallen for that Amzing creativity with the presentation of items they present
Rated After discussing much about where to have drinks in Dadar, we finally ended up here. We didn't get our choice of liquor. We still thought of giving this place a shot. We ordered Cheesy French Fries for starters. It was good as it should be, and we got excited. So we ordered few more dishes. They had Kheema Pav in 'Bar Food' menu. It tasted okay. Cheese Balls with Sriracha Sauce were pathetic. They served Chicken Lollipop with veggies when we ordered Drums of Heaven. It was disappointing. Chinese food was quite mediocre too. Service was okay for what it's worth. Overall, a mediocre place with pointless name and unworthy food.
Rated Ordered a home delivery at 12....still waiting.....person at the counter is useless...says he left for delivery when i had called at 12... same at 12 50......it takes 15 mins from shivaji park to my place....Never again
Rated The decoration and the interior design was damn awesome. Had Get Chocolaty Pastry and Ret Velvet Pastry.. They were really frozen and should actually have been heated up a bit before serving.. When asked.. They almost burnt it.. The chocolate almost melted and in the Red Velvet... It tasted disgusting after it was heated up.. It doesn't even have anything else except cakes.. Like light bites or something which is a negative thing about it.!! Those 3 stars just for the ambience.. Overall.. Thumbs Down.!
Rated I was craving chicken tandoori one afternoon. Sadly, this is the only place that nearby that actually offers that at the time. It was a disappointment. The chicken was completely burnt, even after I told them how I wanted it. I bought quite a bit since I'm a good eater and to top it off I was hungry. I spent quite a bit, and I ended up throwing the entire thing and worst of all still hungry. Never going there again.
Rated Worst chinese food I have ever had..... Manchow soup was watery and tasteless.. Chings 10 Rs. Packet instant soup far more better than this soup... I had ordered veg crispy and they served me chicken crispy... Food - 3/10, Ambience - 4/10, Service - 5/10.. Very very bad expirence.
Rated Very very bad experience of last 2 times, 1st ordered for a veg wonk which was good along with it paneer chili was ordered which was brought too late and instead of paneer chicken chilli was handed over and thanks to god grace that we realised before tasting it and then due to their apology I tried to go to the place once more yesterday and yet again it disappointed very much, one full large meal was ordered which included wok, dimsums and ice tea. Ice tea was brought 20min late, then wok was brought 45 mins late and that too was made inappropriate then it was changed and it took another 15 min and the wait was not at all worth also bcoz it didnt tasted that good and till our wok finished it was already 1 and a half hour till we had given order and still dimsums were not brought so i told him not to bring it after so long waiting and finally as a gesture he gave me 20Rs DISCOUNT which was there reimbursement of all thetime wasted and useless and when I asked the waiter to call manager or owner, he told me that owner was too busy and can't meet so i dont think that now I will dare to take a step inside this place again and would recommend u all to not go to the place as its too bad........
Rated Worst Chinese place to eat. They make any shit and call it Chinese! I ordered for crispy chicken and Korean noodles and the food had more color than anything bright! Its okay if I wasted money over it, worse part was i had to waste that inedible food. I couldn't gulp one spoon down my throat!
Rated I was craving for fried momos. I went there. They only had steamed ones. I asked the chef, who was a guy in baniyan, sweating if they served fried momos. He said yes, so I waited unwillingly. After 15 min waiter brought me a plate of dimsums, may be the staff didn't even knw the difference. The presentation looked poor. I knew it was going to be a hell of experience. Also he made it by frying already steamed momos. Who does that !!! Oil started dripping from it as I took one and bit. Yukk.. Half of it was filled with oil. Couldnt dare to have another bite. Left seat and had to pay 160/- for that. Never went again.
Rated Went for lunch, ordered chicken chatpata, it felt more of normal fried chciken than, chatpata. Had ordered rice bhakri which was again half cooked, even egg masala which had watery curry, not upto the mark. The service was slow, had to ask several times to waiter for fried noodles, for my kid.
Rated Do Zomato have negative rating? If it had a option, I would have rated it in the negative. This place has deteriorated beyond control. The waiters are arrogant, snobbish, poorly trained ( before you take the table, they ask for order). This place at best can be described as a shady watering hole for the frustrated souls. The family section is a farce. The only family groups visiting this place are the ones who do not stay in the vicinity. A menace to the neighborhood since the tipsy guys create a ruckus regularly. Please stay away !!
Rated Their pav bhaji... Chicken crispy and cheese and garlic naan is what i can rave for lifelong... Nice place to hang out casually with family... Gets crowded on weekends...
Rated This is a family dinner place typically with same old boring interiors. There are two sections: air conditioned and non air conditioned. It is not an expensive place. North Indian food is good and other cuisines are value for money though never tried desserts. There is a screen so can go during matches. However, this place needs a total revamp in terms of ambiance.
Rated We were damn hungry so wanted a quick bite. Came across this hotel which is bang opposite to Sanjay Gandhi National Park. We ordered Pav Bhaji and Misal Pav as it's the quickest to prepare but it took quite a long time to come in spite of the hotel being empty. Food was not bad. Service was average. Decent place with affordable price rate.
Rated Worst dosa I have had in my life. They served it fc.k.in cold. Just walked away.
Rated Review 2 - Revisited recently. On insisting that the past experience wasn't up to the mark the waiters and the chefs ensured a beautiful mutton kheema. Guess my friends weren't wrong after all. +1 Review 1 - Aha. Borivalis own watering hole. Situated on the road which leads one to the station from the highway this place could be missed (if not for a strong stench of liquor, the whiff of which might force an alcohol lover to pry). Generally cursed by the passer by for its abrupt location, it bottlenecks the wide road. -0.5 on the city planning. Once inside there are 3 partitions - Polluted air, fan in a room and the prestigious AC room. The division of society on monetary lines is quite obvious here. It's moderately lit, attracts the post work - pissed with life crowd, the regulars (colony uncles who with big blood shot eyes who at the drop of a hat start giving Gyan), the chronic alcoholics (who love to abuse once on their trip) and people who love getting knocked out. Ordering anything less than a quarter here is considered as an insult by the staff who are generally slow and seem drunk themselves. Once you have taken it all in, you glance at the food menu. The dry garlic chana is a delightful dish. +1. Try the chicken koliwada. However the mutton kheema, though lauded by my friends, was not up to the mark. One could only taste the onion tomato masala and no mutton. There is no music, just that little television screening going in loop. Dull. But that's not the idea when one comes here. Overall cheap according to the AC standards also. PS - Be prepared to be nagged by Mr. Hegde after you write a review.
Rated CP used to be good when people were short of options. However, if you ever slip into economy mode you would want to consider this bar. The waiters here are at times rude and careless. The management seriously need to train their staff. The food again is average. The main course specially. Starters again, OK_OK
Rated I have ordered food from here and always took the parcel.. There is no doubt about the taste as these guys make awesome sea food dishes .No separate area for people who drink so its bit difficult to have dine there with family. Must try : Bombay duck fry , prawns fry , lepe fry
Rated Sanjog is a typical restaurant & bar & no matter whenever you visit this place is always crowded. Place is located just outside boriwali east station makes it very viable option for people who are in haze of having quick drink. Place is old but specious inside they have too many tables must be accommodating more than 50 - 60 people appx Service is fast & staff is just ok. They have quarter system also. Dont know why they promote thumps up as dilute & no Coco Cola which was funny.
Rated I,ve frequently been in this place which is a good restaurant and bar for a long time now. But I was shocked today when the below scenario happened with my friend and i- We ordered a starter and some drinks. The service is quick and the quantity was also enough for the two of us. The starter got cold after 30 -45 mins of it being served so I requested first to the waiter for it to make it little warm or hot as we were unable to eat it. He straight away said no. Then I requested to the manager and then the owner, all of them directly rejecting me for my request. The excuse that they gave, we don't accept these requests is bcoz the food is now already eaten which was a big turn off. As a restaurant they should keep an oven or if nothing else they should learn how to skillfully say no. They can't b so rude for such a request.
Rated Awful food.... People on other tables also complaining about food quality. Dont ever go here for food. As far the bar is concerned it was ok an spacious.
Rated Just ordered food. Absolutely stale. The worst Butter Chicken I have ever tasted. Chicken used in Tandoori and Kebab not at all fresh. Horrible food. Maybe the people who eat there are too drunk to take notice.
Rated Our Savior on * maid not coming day* Its known for its real steep prices. By steep I mean killer steep. Where else do you get food for 120-200 bucks that would be more than enough for 3 people. The Soups are tasty. Things made well without fail - Triple Shechzwan , Hakka Noodles , Chopseuy , Fried Rice. Keep it simple & enjoy the tasty cheap food that does not hurt your stomach & wallet
Rated I don't know why i am giving it even 1.0 rating. I literally flushed all of its manchurian as it was so bad. Please please only visit this place only if you have no other option left.
Rated Please learn a lesson known as "Punctuality".. Food is never on time! Packing of home delivery food is not in a proper conditions! If you order sandwich or idli from them they will send in 20-25min without using any plastic sheet.. whole sandwich & idli was stuck into news paper. Congested place.. No ambience.. just eat & go.. Careless behaviour of waiters.. least bother to hear you at once & take order's .. Quality of food is Average or you can call below average if you are ordering something in Chinese.. Quantity is too less! Please dont order any briyani because it's just coloured rice with hardly left over vegetables which is available with them..
Rated Very ordinary place. Very limited sitting area. Order takes a while since they make garlic bread and pizza in a household electric tandoor. Food was OK. Not bad but nothing great either.
Rated If I could give half a rating, I totally would. We were so impressed by the looks of this restaurant when we entered that we were sure of having a hearty meal. Really hungry at 10.30 pm, we walked into a busy restaurant and started looking at the menu. Finally ordered a dish of chicken and roti, with dal fry and jeera rice. In the meantime, my mom was thirsty so she ordered a fresh lime juice. It was a disaster! It wasn't even close to cold, the sugar syrup was wayyyyy too much for our liking, and it wasn't 'fresh' as such! 15-20 mins waiting time is still okay, but we waited for more than 45 minutes and the food had still not arrived at 11.30 pm. When it finally arrived after we had almost made up our mind to leave, the food lacked salt and was tasteless! We had no choice but to eat it, but honestly, it was too expensive for the quality they offered. I'm never going back to this hyped restaurant!
Rated We were craving for food and greens was the nearest pure veg restaurant so decided to check it out. It was a Sunday and the place was crowded. Its much closer to the road and thus is very noisy. The ambience is nothing to shout about. We ordered pav bhaji, potato fingers, spring roll and malai kulfi. The service was quick but not at all organized. The pav bhaji came with no chopped onions with it so we had to notify the waiter for the same. The pav bhaji and dosa were average in terms of taste. The potato fingers were nothing to complain about. The spring rolls were extra salty and we just ate the crisp cover and threw the filling. The malai kulfi was a great relief. Also, there was a mistake in the bill as they charged us for malai kofta instead of malai kulfi. Overall a very bad experience. Taste: 3/10 Service: 4/10 Ambience: 4/10 Value for money: 4/10
Rated Very basic kind of place. Staff is frustrated and unhygienic. The whole place is dirty and AC section is cramped and smells badly. Don't go ...don't even think of...No No No
Rated Worst restaurant. These guys have no decency in their language nor they care for their business. Dont even try to go. You ll be disappointed. Deserves a 0 rating.
Rated Absolute rubbish... Had ordered biryani and all it had was heaps of stale coriander with the stalks... I couldn't even chew it or push it down my throat... It had too much artificial color added...the chicken pieces looked too red... It killed my appetite.
Rated Poor customer relationship. I order from them minimum thrice a week and they deny my home delivery order coz i was ₹10 short on the minimum order. Seriously?!
Rated Yummiest home made cakes ever tasted . ow n d customized cup cakes to die for n customized birthday cakes make birthday's even more awsm n spl
Rated The most crowded outlet in cypress.. Their juices r just wow and the quantity is good for the prices they charge. During summer if u visit cypress, then u must try a juice here to quench ur thirst. KitKat, mango, sitafal milkshakes r my favourites. They also have a south Indian restaurant in d adjacent shop which has a limited menu. Their food and service are average.. I happened to order idli and vada sambhar dis morning and i received my order in half hour. The sambhar tasted very different today and I could just have a spoon. It was stale and had horrible taste. However this was my first bad experience at karthik, usually their sambhar is average.. The chutney is a lil thin but has an ok taste.. The vadas were cold.. I would suggest to tell them to provide u wid hot vadas wen u visit the restaurant o have home delivery.. Further, they do not have any minimum order so if u want to order breakfast for 1 person then this restaurant is suitable. Im giving a 4 star for the juice section, the south Indian outlet gets a 2 star.
Rated Long ago, a friend and I made plans to have lunch at The Nutcracker, a little predominantly vegetarian outlet in a by-lane of Kala Ghoda. When we arrived, there was such a long wait list and the place looked so tiny, that we decided to give it a miss. But being unable to visit a coveted restaurant after earmarking it is like being unable to read a book after purchasing it. I knew I’d come back some day. That day was today. ... Read full post on trailstainedfingers.com
Rated I'm not really happy with the experience in Nutcracker. My expectations were quiet high for their food, as I've heard a lot about it. The ambiance is average, wooden ceiling and wooden furniture, looks pretty good. It's very small place with limited seats. I visited this place on Sunday during kala ghoda festival, so had to wait for 10 mins as all tables were occupied. The menu doesn't have much to offer, and they have limited options. We ordered cold coffee, nutty spaghetti, and veg panini. Nutty spaghetti disappointed to a great extent. Taste was confusing & almonds, cashews killed the actual taste of this dish. Veg panini was average, served with hummus. I'm not really sure if I'll visit nutcracker again because they don't have something different to offer. Cheers.!
Rated Go here for their nachos with refriedbeans! Ironically this Mexican dish is to die for in this Italian joint. We tried the risotto barbaresca which was very good,what I found a bit too tangy and hard to finish was melanzane alla parmigiana. Don't forget to ask for the drinks menu all the mocktails are very interesting. The restaurant is a little too expensive,I guess it's because of the location.
Rated A very small but historic place. Damn crowded and no special sitting arrangements. U have to take ur parcel and seat outside bakery under tree shadows. But thumbs up to all bakery dishes. Must try...
Rated After a hectic tour at Chandigarh, I was back in the city to host a sit and draw competition for kids at the Phoenix MarketCity Kurla. After the event was over by 1:30pm, me and my team planned to have a quick discussion regarding our upcoming mega event over a lunch party. Couldn't afford to travel any further, we thought of experimenting the Kashmiri food. The ambiance inside is impressive indeed, with shikara and curtains and cozy sitting arrangements. But, the one which strikes at the very entrance is a burnt smell. It may have been happened only that day, unlucky me, but, it was pretty predominant. Probably that's the sign to me, warning me about the discomfort coming up. We 5 took a cabin, and were glancing at the menu card. The names were totally unfamiliar, so we went through the visuals of the menu. We found a lady in charge, who came forward to assist us in giving the order. She confirms that a thali is limited, but can be shared across the table. The rates seems bit towards the higher side, and keeping in mind the quantum of hunger which we had to satisfy, we planned for a veg and a non veg thali. The other reason behind it was to take a quick taste of a wide range of the recipes. It took a hell lot of time for them to serve. The restaurant was not at all that much crowded, which may take them so much. But when the thali arrived, it was a big disappointment in everyone's mind. The rice quantity was tiny, so tiny that the total number of steamed rice can be easily counted. The sabzi however seemed in line with the visuals at the menu card. We immediately called the lady, and expressed the discomfort. She clarifies, extra rice may be ordered over extra payment. But, she didnt bother to reply why in thali the rice is so less. Honestly, it wont even feed a 2 year old kid. We ordered a steamed rice plate. Apart from the mutton, all the sabzi were very much non spicy, unable to give any pleasure to the taste buds. The ordered rice plate was also not at all sufficient for an adult. When we shared the discomfort to that lady manager, she seemed to be pretty reluctant. Meanwhile, we overheard the similar complaints from the neighboring tables as well. Last came the firni. I bet, this is not firni. The worst desserts ever tasted. I don't mind paying bit more for a dine out, but I seriously felt we were bluffed and fooled that day, with not even minimum decorum or hospitality towards the customer. Disgusted me, will never recommend anyone for this restaurant. Rather, there is one thing I must say to all who are planning to visit...BEWARE.
Rated It's HOLI and we don't have a HOLIday. With less outlets open during day hours, we wished to order our lunch at work. Surprisingly, Tao9 haa no delivery service from Powai to Vikhroli-West. The only option left was ASIAN WOK. What we ordered: Stir Fry All Veg Bowl. It was served on a bed of Hakka Noodles topped with zucchini, mushrooms, bell peppers, onions and cabbage cooked in a sauce of Chilly Garlic and accompanied with Chilly Vinegar and Schezwan Sauce. Good taste. Filling quantity. Quick suggestion: Give plastic spoons, forks and tissue with the delivery (might have just missed for our delivery)
Rated Good food. Terrible service at this branch. Extremely slow service. Waited 20-25 min between each course. No one cleared used plates until reminded several times. As told by the server, dessert was phirni n gulab jamun. He served us a stale pastry n gulab jamun. On asking he said it's a replacement. Later he went n got some phirni. No one came with the bill for 30 min after food. We walked out without paying. Not one staff noticed. Terrible terrible service. Manager Mr. Srikant was clueless. And did not even know how to talk. Will never come back to this branch.
Rated I generally try to root for the underdog and more often than not end up regretting my instinct. Opted for Garcia 's over the more reliable Smokin Joes and Domino's and called for the Garcia 's Spicy (Veg.) Pizza having a schezwan sauce base. We hit a jarring note right at the first bite, the schezwan sauce was pungent (dunno whether it was a weird recepie or the sauce was fusty - I suspect more of the latter ) and so nothing else mattered coz all the toppings and cheese were overpowered by the defiling sauce. We barely ate the pizza, I'm wiser by the experience.
Rated One of the first pizza delivery chains in town before dominos became a standard. I used to regularly order the 10 incher cheese onion pizza and finish it on my own. Its a disaster not nothing works the base is awful, cheese even udipi pizzas use better quality cheese (hyperbole) this outlet is dark and dingy and looks unhygienic.
Rated i had very bad experience with you guys on 6 tuesday oct i order chicken fierry pizza and meat lover pizza i mention at time of ordering i want chicken in meat lover pizza the person said yes but delivery was quick my cousin were just about to eat the pizza they were shock to see chicken bit reddish then we doubt it is pork then i call the outlet they told they do not serve pork it is chicken then i call again i said it pork please send a delivery and take it away after half an hour i receive a call from shop their chef said there is some mistake and it is pork and they replace the pizza after hour but my cousin went to her home cos it was late and whole mood of party was spoil i will think twice before ordering from you guys this happen at shivaji park outlet feeling sad because i am ordering from last seven years and this is what i got
Rated What started out as the go-to Chinese takeout place in Prabhadevi has turned into the last resort on a rainy day. The quantity has decreased to a miserably insufficient amount, the food is largely greasy and delivery is terribly slow.
Rated Best value for money Chinese delivery in mumbai. For an unusual but tasty dish try the minced chicken with aubergine schezwan style. unusual no? I know, but try it.
Rated Disaster! It has never been a case when I have ordered a very basic sub online and they haven't messed up the order. I get a confirmation call about the order and then they disappeared for 1hr 10mins, after which they send me a wrong order! Even when ordered over the phone, the person taking the order is always confused and have no clue or rather pretends that he didn't hear you. 2-3 extremely bad experiences have made me a Subway hater.
Rated This subway has nice sitting arrangement. But the place is very small. And the staff is very poor. They don't even know the sausage. They don't even all breads and veggies. Very very poor service.
Rated The one star was earned by the lone server who seemed to care that I wasn't served armpit for dinner. Every time I go, the service here reaches a new low. And the 0.5 for the otherwise flawless years of service that Subway has (with the exception of this outlet) provided, across COUNTRIES. I remember one day as a broke student in NYC, where the only filling meal I could afford was a sub. First, they seem to be the least bit interested in actually serving you. Second, when you do manage to get their attention, they are distracted to unacceptable levels. I declined three veggies and asked for extra olives, the completely unaware server first refused. I was hungry, I asked them to charge me extra for it, he refused to add any on even for extra charge. At this point, my friend just cancelled his order. I persevered. That's when two random men (presumably friends of the manager) came in, cut the line and proceeded to loudly place their order. It took five minutes of fuming for them or the Subway peeps to realise there was something wrong with that. Then while one server was preparing my order, the other one leant over it to reach into the depths of the meet container, dipping the sleeve of his shirt into my subway in the process. When I expressed my disgust, they even asked me if I would like to change the sub and get another one. It would have been ridiculously funny, had it not been so disgusting. Please open another subway and start some healthy competition amongst people who work here, otherwise, please change the management for the place!
Rated Went here for the Onam special thali and for some weird reason service was despicably slooooow. The place wasn't packed and we went in at about 22:30. Food finally came to us by 23:15. The thali was decent but left me wanting. Food was tasty but lacked a certain zing. A big shout out to Victor who plays the guitar moving from table to table. He's there on weekends and is a delight to hang out with. He belts out classic rock songs from the 60's to the 90's. It was very funny when a young teenager asked her to play Miley Cyrus.
Rated Bad delivery experience, wrong order deliver, Instead of Veg Biryani...... Nonveg Biryani and the representative says it's good for you that you are getting non veg Biryani in rate of Veg one.... Such a Insane..... I have stopped visiting this restaurant.
Rated Zomato rating is misleading. This is a take away joint......spicy greasy tasteless food the worst you can get. Stay away if you prefer a bit of tadka garnish nearby will do the job
Rated Positives - Awesome taste, lot of cuisine s and great value for money restaurant. Drawbacks - Mediocre ambiance. Extremely crowded in the afternoons. Slow service. But I believe that the positives far outweigh the drawbacks, especially if you want to have an economc tasty meal.
Rated Tried the DD naughty Lucy chicken & spicy grill chicken burger and must say what an overpriced poor immitation of a burger joint/coffee shop/donut shop. Been to several Dunkin donuts stores in the UAE and the US but this sadly is a badly executed dunkin donuts brand for the country. Don't be fooled by the huge sized burgers in the menu, in actual these burgers are way smaller than any proper burger such as burger king (btw burger king is a brilliant example of how a world famous burger brand can adopt to regional tastes and popularity to come up with some ingenious burgers like the chicken tandoori burger and good size of burgers as well !! ) Where the hell can one find a donut shop that has run out of donuts with couple of stale donunts for name sake. They seem to be more intrested in selling burgers and wraps than their mainstay product that is donuts. Understandable they must have run out of them for the day but having to try their Rs 260/burger made me realize what an average,overpriced quality of a mediocre burger from dunkin donuts.
Rated Ordered at 10.30pm and made an online payment. Food never come and nobody picked up calls lost 11pm. Literally took our money & didn't even provide food.
Rated & it's all about maggi... Service - 3/5 Food - 4/5 This place would give an orgasm to maggi lovers. Cheese lovers, do try 3cheese maggi. Place is too small to accommodate a large group. If you are planning to go in a group, you would probably have to split and sit in a group of 4max at a time.
Rated + Quick service + Cheap dishes + Individual portions + Unique menu + Hygienic for roadside stall standards - Not large group friendly - Limited sidewalk seating
Rated Worst experience. Completely unhygienic. They don't serve any authentic taste. Don't go and save yourself. Bad ambience. Foul smelling paneer.
Rated Nothing special about the place. The quantity of kebab pieces served on a plate definitely doesn't demand the kind of bucks they charge, considering it's just a stall we are eating at, and the kind of pricing in neighbouring joints. Limited menu, forgettable taste.
Rated Absolutely distasteful food. We ordered for biryani, cut lets and roll and nothing was in par with Bengali food. Can't explain how dry was the biryani and the chicken was just disgusting. Just one bite and you can't it take any more.
Rated Had I got an option to rate 0, I would have given it to this place. I am currently sitting at my home after ordering from this place since more than 2 hrs. Neither I have any status of the order or the restaurant takes numerous of call I have attempted in an hour. Extremely callous attitude with unacceptable service. Disgusting place, there is no way an order cannot reach a place within 60-70 minutes. Update - Received the food after 2 hrs 40 mins, the restaurant was only giving excuses over one call that they attended. Food was cold, portion was less, no good experience to consider.
Rated I ordered the combo while at work. The bad? The messed up with the kebab I ordered and what was delivered. Other than that, nice packaging, good delivery time. The food could do with a little bit more flavour, the spices lacked zing resulting in there biryani being a bit bland. Continental biryani?
Rated The outlet is designed mainly to cater as takeaway and delivery, since they have only 4 tables. The kitchen looked to be hygienic. And the presentation too was good. The taste makes use of premixes known. Though I have no complaints on the biryani, I wish the chicken in the rolls was a little more cooked. Prices are on the higher side compared to pets which largely due to the procedures they have set. No harm in ordering again.
Rated My experience was very bad. Food arrived after 2 hours though the our home was only a km or less from their Chandivali outlet. Out of 4 dishes we ordered, crispy shrimp was average but the others (including their chef's recommended list in the menu) were not well prepared & too spicy. The taste was almost like some cheap roadside food joint or even worst than that. One more point to be noted, when you call to order, they pick up your phone but when the order doesn't reach you in time & you call them up to inquire about the delay, they don't pick up your calls. I had to call up the zomato helpline to reach them.
Rated Just had my order..a box of noodles and some veg salad. It was delivered after 1.5 hours and the outlet would not answer my call for an order update after the first time. Also, some veges were definitely stale. I've eaten Chinese food and because of the sauces it smells and tastes funny but the salad was off and I had to throw the whole thing away. The noodles had no taste but chilli. I get spicy and I like spicy but this was just ridiculous. Way too much sauce for the other flavors to come out. Fat chance I will eat from them again which is a pity because they have a good spread but the execution or perhaps the team at chandivali is not concerned about offering it right.
Rated BEWARE - this is not the real moti mahal and is a franchise ! Run very badly ! The real moti mahal ppl should take notice of this or else their brand image is going for a toss . Chicken starters overcooked and too chewy ! More like Rubber chicken . Butter chicken --- tooo sweet and chicken overcooked Mutton punjabi masala - bland taste mutton cooked poorly Butter Naan was uncooked .. Overall - Bad Food 😝
Rated I ordered first time from this restaurant. I ordered paneer manchurian dry and aloo paratha. I got two stone in paneer manchurian and taste of paratha was very bad. I will never suggest anyone for this restaurant.
Rated Well...This is bad bad bad place to go to. Worse quality, service, ambience, hygiene. Do not even dare to try it. The name should be "Bai Sagar" :D :D :D
Rated Please treat this as a notice issued for public welfare. This definitely takes the cake for the worst food ever. Ordered a mysore masala dosa, paneer pakoda, medu vada and sweet lime soda. Trust me, it is very difficult for a cook to get all of these wrong. These are very basic dishes that even a road side vendor would cook with good taste. My verdict is that this is definitely the worst restaurant in Chandivali, Mumbai. Please do not order. Wish there was a rating below 1.
Rated The worst pizzas ever! The service is appalling. I can possibly dish out a better pizza looking at YouTube! I don't think your tummy needs this torture.
Rated There is absolutely no place to sit! The service is very very bad. The people taking orders have no idea how to take orders. The pizzas are average and of course are not able to compensate for the poor management! If you have any coupons, they just don't accept them! Try dominos instead of this place.
Rated The nearest pizza joint from my home, Pizzas are good, but never ever order from them if you have a bulk order, I made this mistake once at the last moment even after reminding them a day before whenni called up at the delivery time they say " Sorry sir we don't have any such order " Seriously this is the way you serve your customers? I had to go the place myself and had to give some harsh words leading them to complete the order in 15 mins and delivering it half an hr late. It was a Very BAD experience for me. Pizza Hut is better than this.
Rated Their staff is pathetic. They do not know how to talk to a customer. They don't deliver items on time even if u are 15 mins away from them. When u enquire about the same they bang the phone down on you!
Rated Always a delight to order from and always on time. Plus point: they don't put only three olives, pickles etc. They add more than that. Only downside, sometimes their cookies are very hard.
Rated Bad experience.. The bread was not feeling right also they sent me the wrong chips along with my sandwich and the sandwich was not packed properly. Also when asked for the receipt they always have this excuse of printer not working.
Rated disgusting shutt this rubbish franchise down, horrible , the manager is a illiterate surgeeth , cutting cost cold stale bread.less meat, im going to make sure i shutt this down
Rated Avoid, at any cost, even if you have to stay hungry. Pathetic. You'll start hating Subway sandwiches if you have one from here. They'll put only tomatoes and lettuce irrespective of what you've ordered. Even those veggies are stale and in poor quantity.
Rated My worst Subway experience. The bread was ice cold, so was the vegetables, tuna and chicken. They didn't even bother to mention which of the four subs is veg!! None of us could complete it and had to throw away!!!
Rated Foul smelling Stale Unfriendly Un hygienic Can't customize on phone orders to save their life Have had TOO many bad experiences so won't recommend
Rated Attracted by the big, flashy billboard I went there around 11 in the morning to grab some rolls but they were not functioning. After reading all the bad reviews I am not even interested in trying it. They lost an entire office customers for life!
Rated Took at least 1 hr to deliver and served shit. Paneer kabab is chunks of paneer plain with masala sprinkled. And spmeone should learn to make the worst parathas ever from these guys.. No fillings at all.. I am disheartened to see how they sell this in the name of authencity..!! Not even worth trying once
Rated I had ordered a black forest cake total bill was of rs 275 but after few mints got call from cake shop saying I have to pay 310 ,etc being delivery charges. Why should I pay more that of bill amount if delivery was chargable why the bill amount shows 275.why shop is asking for than the bill amount. @ I feel cheated here.
Rated Extraordinarily bad customer service experience. I am glad I did not order the cake as I am pretty sure that it would have been equally bad. They said that they will charge Rs200 extra for home delivery of cake at an apartment about 1 kms far. Plus they will not make the delivery unless someone comes and pays in full in advance. Most unhelpful and unprofessional customer service. Either they are complacent or they just don't care.
Rated The food is subpar as per the price they charge. The staff is highly unprofessional and rude. Wanted to swipe my card but couldn't cause even with a pos machine they wanted cash for a bill amount of 600. The owner started to fight over this small issue :/
Rated Visited the outlet many times as my daughter likes the chocolate shot avaiable here. Over all quiet place and no much crowd outlet. You will have peacefull time. The items will be limited, one of the most moving item in most ccd outlet is smoked chicken sandwich. The other cold milkshakes are average.no card payments which is one negative point
Rated One of the worst experiences at coffee day. 3 as but all out of order. Menu listed a combo but server denied that they serve that. When insisted he admitted he wasn't aware they served it & confirmed it's not available. When asked for anituer item it was available either. When fully ordered a couple of items they wouldn't accept credit card saying it was out of order. asked for a feedback from atlas 5 times nd got reply yes sir will give it but cannot find it. Finally someone with sense arrived who accepted the cr card as the other person didn't kn hw 2 use so simplicity had refused. Again asked for feedback from to new person & was told they don't hv it. The coffee served was comparable to cold coffee I make at home so felt like waste of money nd no good experience
Rated I have been ordering from this place for almost last 15 years.. It was initially called chopstick. Back then chopstick delivered superb, aromatic Chinese food. Egg fried rice, hakka noodles and chicken manchurian being the best However over a period of time the food quality has drastically changed.. For worst! Be prepared to wait for nothing less than an hour and half for t food to be delivered..this holds true even if you stay 5 mins away from the restaurant. The food no more tastes or smells the way it did few years back It's a pity..
Rated Worst ever food ..... Ordered chicken mughloi ..... It was really very bad .....so I just everyone to not to order from this restaurant never ever
Rated We used to order a lot from vidiths when we were staying in Chandivali.. We have tried pomfret fry n curry, bangda fry, chicken fried rice, and various chicken gravy dishes.. Mutton we generally did give it a try Buh found there was only bones.. Can't blame them since they are dirt cheap.. They are very reasonable, quality of food is good, delivery is prompt, the fish items we ordered were all fresh.. Definitely miss this place!
Rated Expensive chaats and mithai, but they're worth it. Maybe they charge a premium for the brand name, I don't know, but I guess it's ok. This is my regular pani puri / dahi puri haunt, and his "teekha" version of pani puri doesn't burn your throat like the other hardcore chaat-wallahs.
Rated Most of the sweets are old. Two times took motichur ladoo 450rs/kg n found fungus on them. Funny n arrogant stuff n they will not accept ticket restaurant n money combo..very reluctant n bad behaviour. Snacks n sweets are subject to health risk. Someone should call Mumbai health authority to visit them once. Worst in Chandivali.
Rated The sweets are really tasty..Though little over priced..In The morning i had idli sambar vada,and u will be unhappy with their sizes,coz they r so small..Dosa was okay.. And one more thing,sometimes dey charge u taxes on 'kacha bill'.Dont pay on it,instead insist on computer generated invoice..
Rated Average food. Ordered methi mutter malai and biriyani. Biriyani was one of the worse ones I've had with a lot of oil. The gravy was nothing to write home about. Not going to be a regular here!
Rated I OREDER IN TINYOWL.BUTTER CHICKEN IN SAI KIRAN HOTEL AT THE NIGHT TIME 15TH OF JUNE NIGHT 11;30PM.SAI KIRAN HOTEL DELIVERD ME WROMG ORDER .AND I THINK IT WAS LIKE FISH GRAVY.I IMMEDIATELY CAL IN A SAI KIRAN HOTEL.THEY TOLD ME.THE SHOP WAS CLOSED.SO YOU CAN CALL MORNING.THEN I CALL A MORNING THEY TOLD. AAP KE PASS SAMPLE HAI . I TOLD NO. I THROW A BAD CHICKEN HANDI.THEY TOLD AAP NE PHOTO KHICHA HAI. I SAID NO.SO they told me sorry sir hum aapko dusra aur kuchh bhi nahi de sakte.i told .i complaint in tinyowl .then they told ok koi baat nahi aap baat kar lijiye .but aapko dusra milne wala nahi.so very bad hotel in chandivali.sangharsh nagar .in woodland heights building saiu kiran landline no.- 022-28473887
Rated One of our family favourites (maternal family) is this combination of Paneer Chilly / Paneer Manchurian with Butter Naan. Killer combo. . Restaurant: Banjara. Location: Near Chandivali Studio, Chandivali Farm Road, Chandivali, Mumbai. Mode: Home Delivery. Orders: Ordered for The Paneer Chilly with 3 Butter Naans and one Garlic Cheese Naan. ... Read full post on acemat.blogspot.com
Rated Brought aloo gobi today from this restaurant for dinner. Food was completely spoiled and I am sure that they had given yesterday's food. Last time I had mutton here, was shitty. I thought I would try it out again but food was even worst.
Rated Just dont bother even entering or ordering from this place.... They cant make normal rolls and their biryani ( sarcastic laughter ) is worst then that u wud get from a slum based eatery...!!!! Disgusting....
Rated Horrible place, order at risk of being starved. Here's the timeline of my order processing (that was eventually not even delivered): 1508 hrs: Placed for 1 full egg biryani 1630 hrs: Order still undelivered so I call back. The guy at the other end keeps giggling because he misunderstands me to be his owner (Nikhil) making a prank call. Finally upon clarification he agrees to have the order delivered in 15 mins. 1610 hrs: Order still undelivered so I again call back. The guy says it will be delivered in 10 mins. 1620 hrs: I get a call asking if I had ordered full or half. 1628 hrs: I get a call stating they have run out of egg biryani and that the order is cancelled.
Rated Food is Good. Service is horrible. Waiters work as if they are serving their term. You are scared of ordering anything in the menu, as the response might be a blunt rejection or an expression which can be read as " How can you be so stupid to order this?". We keep going there because its 2 minutes from where I live, and the food is good!
Rated Not good experience. Delivery issues. Hair in food. Eggzotic food was bland and unenjoyable. Berry smoothie should have been thicker. Penned pasta lacked texture. Waste of money. Packing was good.
Rated Very bad service.. order placed an hr ago and no not yet delivered.. no one takes the call.. bunch of liers.. NEVER ORDER FROM HERE . In store service is worse
Rated There is only one thing worse than bad food at an eatery, and that is rude service. Tried ordering for the first time from this joint. Forty minutes later, the order is nowhere to be seen. I call back and ask the status of this. The person (who sounded uninterested even while taking the order) questioned me quite curtly that it was not even half an hour since I had ordered. Needless to say, that pissed me off and I asked him to cancel the order. No review about the food since it never reached us.
Rated Horrible hygiene. Icecream delivered had a fly in it. Not expected from Baskin Robbins.
Rated So I absolutely love rock music. The other day I decided to satisfy my rock music cravings at Mecca of rock, HRC! And boy, it was very disappointing. I can understand how today people have moved on to EDM, House, Trap music but that does not mean HRC starts playing Gangnam style and Avicii. Reasons why I may never go back here: 1. There were 5 year old kids running around with their maids chasing them.. seriously! Who gets their kids to a place with blaring music and drunk people everywhere! 2. The music. Even when they started playing rock, no heavy metal allowed. Only mainstream rock 3. I never expected HRC to be dead on a saturday night. Compared to the lower parel one which is always full, this one was disappointing. 4. Alcohol is shit expensive and that too for no real reason. I don't see why they are so expensive compared to the other joints in the same area. HRC, lower your prices and stop the kids and crappy music and you might just be back in business.
Rated my experience in tight was not good at all,The management is rude, we called them yesterday 5pm for reservation, they told to us to come their and get a table directly in spite of telling them that we are 5 stags they told to come their, when we reached the venue we came to know that yesterday was ladies night, and no stags are allowed the other guy told to call someone, i called that guy he simply rejected and cut the call, in front of us there were many stags who were going inside, nobody was their to hold them i request every one not to go this club if the owner of this club is reading this message, please change your management. Thank you
Rated I had heard about this place much more times than expected so landed here on a Friday. First of all the staff is really worst, they will not ask whether you have finished eating or not, they will just take the dish away if they see there is little bit remaining in the platter.. I guess they eat the same after taking it. They charge you entry fee Rs. 50 ...for what? For this kind of service?... The food menu is so boring and so does the food..nothing much to offer on that front! There are no imported beers....all you get is domestic ones and bira... And the worst part is the crowd...if you wanna see some cheapsters then this is the place for you. Guys do check out service of TGIF, Jugheads, Poptates etc..you are not even 1% of it.
Rated I found the food and place to be good. However the service needs a lot of improvement. The waiters (if you find one) seem to be disinterested in taking the orders. Ice tea was horrible. We ordered 2 ice teas and had to throw both. That's how terrible it was. I don't remember the other dishes we ordered otherwise I would have reviewed it briefly. Overall, average place to visit! Hope BSE BANDRA lives upto its expectations.
Rated This place is located on the rooftop in the midst of the buzz of Linking Road.this is a decent place to chill out with friends .... we oredered sloppy joe burger, chicken quesadilla and aglio olio pasta with red sangria or a strawberry martini.Cheers! and drinks rate is too cheap!!!!! and service also good..
Rated Well this is no way different than rude. Same menu same drinks.everything same. Except the name. No complaints with rumours either. If u are a rude fan, then u r automatically a rumour fan. A nice place to chill out on A weekend.
Rated #hype is the only word to describe this lounge! Last night i visited the place, being a working day it was totally empty. So we started of with some starters n i had ordered a chocotini, and drinks for my other friends. So in starters we had ordered Crispy American Corn, Nachos with Spicy Salsa and Cheese, Crispy Chilly Garlic Potatoes and a Cheese Garlic Bread. Okay so the only good thing i found here was Chocotini! All the starters were the worst i have ever tasted, specially the American Crispy Corn it was not cooked properly we could literally taste the uncooked flour! Then the worst Nachos i have ever tasted and i tell you the Gujarati khakra will be the better winner here, they were so thick and not at all Mexican. The Crispy Chilly Garlic Potatoes were not at all crispy but taste was good when compared to all the other dishes. We were so disappointed that we had end our meal there.
Rated Its the most pathetic place. The waiters do not bother to take order, the food is bad to taste, the music is too damn loud. Its so loud that the tables and chair are vibrating all the time with the music. The DJ will play heavy bass music to irritate more. The worst of all is the accounts department. When i got the bill everything was double (1st i get a bill of 5400, the actual bill was for 3100). After correction they don't even say sorry. Its a shit place white worst food, music and hospitality.
Rated Had high expectations when I recently visited this place and felt like some Chinese. So ordered mixed Singapore noodles and fish I oyester sauce. The order took almost an hour to come on the table and was disappointed that there was no non veg in the noodles and white n bland, tasteless and I tested sauce fish was red in colour.Oyester sauce is deep brown n never red. Was too hungry so didn't complain or return the dishes. But will never visit again. Waste of money n time. Meant for beer drinkers, not for foodies.
Rated I went to this place on a Sunday Afternoon with family and we immediately got in, don't know if we were lucky or speaks about the standard of the place. The food was disappointing and nothing to talk about for the price they charge. The service is horrible & the waiters need training on customer service. Overall a disappointment and very pricy. I would want to avoid this place.
Rated TGIF !!!! My fav place fr Peproni Pizza !! Wel hv been goin to dis place since the outlet in d mall opened and lemme tell u Peproni pizza and the mock tails are just yum!! The ambience is amazing I would give 5/5 for it and also d decor !! Coming to d staff sorry to say my experience has been pathetic a lot of times they r confused can't suggest stuff too late to bring the food on the table very clumsy I must say!! This tym unfortunately the pizza and the starter both dissapointed us!! But at d end it stays my fav. Plc fr my Peproni pizza!!
Rated The one time I went here (and I am not going back), I found bad music, bad (really bad) food and okay alcohol. The crowd was more like you would expect in a pure veg restaurant than in a beer on a weekend.
Rated Here's a little background. I never give negative reviews to a place. I believe in forgiving and forgetting. But this place I tell you, it forced me to do so. Tip number 1- Avoid ordering from here Tip number 2- If you still want dinner from this place, make sure you order in the afternoon or to be on their safer side, in the morning. Tip number 3- don't order anything apart from chef's speciality.. Because I ordered chef specials and it was ridiculous, so I can only imagine how other dishes will be. Thanks for ruining my dinner.
Rated This is a horrible place to have food from. They are arrogant, serve you stale and bad food. I ordered a couple of chicken combos and none of the order came either on time or correct. Some were missing rice or parathas or the gravy itself. It is just a cool name, the place sucks. Avoid at any cost. Cheats of the first order.
Rated Just like all Starbucks cafes, this one is no different as far as the menu goes. I always pick a cold coffee and either of lemon loaf cake or its large sized cookies. They are always yum. But this is one of the noisiest starbucks I ever have been to. We used to have our reader's club get togethers there but it was very difficult to talk so we have moved to a nearby cafe which is quieter. Aren't cafes meant to relax and chat? This is noisy because of patrons of course but also because of its layout and structure. Most of the seats are either near ordering counter or near entrance. I hope they do something about it.
Rated This delivery only restaurant has the same strength and weakness, it's changing menu. This brings freshness. But also leads to inconsistency in quality and taste. I've had a 40:60 good:bad experience. And that means more bad than good. Over time ordered a horrible sponge cake, a decent brownie, a good noodles base dish, horrible fried rice with some hideous sauce. It's almost scary to order sometimes. I've liked their soups, quite cheap on the pocket but they recently upped their prices. Quite a pity
Rated Overrated food! I read the reviews and checked the pictures and it's nothing close to what's written and one sees. My peri peri burger was bland! It seems spices are an unknown entity to them. Lastly, the order was delivered in time. Try at your own risk.
Rated What a waste of an absolute beauty of a location. Rude staff. Pathetic service. And let's not even talk about the music. Highly okayish food. Not worth visiting at all.
Rated My favorite place to hang out or gorge anytime! We've go here atleast once a week and have never been disappointed so far. The staff is very curt and food is delicious. Must haves are Pav bhaji, Biryani, pani puri, fries and dahi batata puri. foodiesofindia.wordpress.com
Rated Was not happy with the quality and taste of the Pizzas ordered. The BBQ Paneer and it was horrible, the BBQ sauce was stale and tasted horrible. The Veg Mexicanna had no mexican taste at all.. The worst of all was the stuffed garlic bread, no stuffing (expected some good vegitable or jalapeños stuffing), no taste of garlic at all, just a loaf of bread with tasteless chewy cheese in it.. No good choices in veg pizzas too... If Sbarro would try their own pizzas they would give a similar review... Very Disappointed!!!!
Rated Ordered Veg Mexicanna, Veg Barbeque Paneer, Pepperoni Pizza and Chicken Mania...All of these pizzas tasted very very bad! The stuffed Garlic bread was the worse!!! it was literally like having "Kadak Pav"!! Really shocked by our experience as I've tried the stuffed pizza at the mall and it was pretty nice. Hope Sbarro takes this feedback constructively and comes up the curve.
Rated Very bad delivery experience it reached in hour and half late and that too they forgot one item and went back and get it....pizza was cold and to my surprise no pieces cut ...just whole pizza just like that........earlier there was Eagle boys pizza they were alot better.....sorry Sbarro doesnt match up to expectations......very disappointed.
Rated I am in such a pathetic mood ....I don't feel like writing this also .....today I went there with family and my granny was keen on going there .....there was no one to take our order(understaffed) ...the fish (pomfret) was stale ..the rice noodles were lumpy .....even those road side Chinese stalls serve better Chinese food (no jokes) .....pathetic experience......
Rated The food was good. The spicy tofu and the Thai green curry were really tasty, even though they were a little spicy. The main trouble was that when ordering, it took them almost 2 hours to deliver. The service was quite frustrating.
Rated The food is mediocre at best. I can echo the same feelings as some other reviewers have left here, that the food is neither chinese and neither indo-chinese. Have been there two times, one for the buffet and another a la carte. Have been disappointed both times. Not only the food was problem but service was slow and unresponsive. One of those times, we were made to sit in a separate section, kind of a small room with one entrance. Well, almost all servers forgot as if you are sitting there.
Rated Firstly, let me start off with mentioning the 20 minute wait outside the restaurant.. which can be overlooked seeing the crowd. But the fact that our order of clay pot rice and chicken malaysian noodles, took more than 50 minutes to be served to us. Was absolutely disappointed with the staff and the snail pace service. Food was average but will not visit this restaurant again unless these matters can be taken care off .
Rated Typical south indian restaurant, average seating a little untidy and a totally empty ac section on a weekday @2000 hrs. We ordered for a cocktail and lime soda as we wanted to sit and catch up for old times sake.Both were not bad. Will visit this joint again to try their pav bhaji.
Rated This place was like my 2nd home in college days. As far food is concern I would rare them 5/5. Reshmi kabab, pagadi kabab, paneer satay, nizami kabab, dil khush kababare among my favourites. At early days they use too serve bamboo biryani in bamboo stem vessel now they don't :( buh taste is still the same :) people who wanna try yummie dishes and not much concerned about ambience shud surely visit
Rated Shockingly disappointing. Went in with a lot of expectation as it is the first of copper chimneys. Our vegetarian soup abe hayat was good but the chicken lacked character. One comment on the table was that it is something you should serve to patients in a hospital. For starters we ordered a veg and a chicken platter. The chicken platter was ok but not one to remember or rave about. The veg platter on the other hand was disappointing. Except for the potato and the mushroom nothing else was worthy of being served at copper chimney, including the paneer which was just humongous cubes marinated. A good sunday evening turned into a disappointment. With - Rinkugrwl5 Swati Tomar 3menwalking.com
Rated Gave 1.5 for the food but have to reduce lot pf points for delivery. The food took 80 minutes to deliver and the food had gone cold. Looked like the food was prepared more than half hour ago. After putting a complaint for the delay, the blame game between Zomato and the restaurant started...
Rated We ordered home delivery and the guy lost the way which ended up we waiting for alot for the food. The food was also a dissapointment. Apart from one starter we didnt like anything much. Bad experience.
Rated Maroosh is locoated right next to Mad Over Donuts at Phoenix and unfortunately has got very few tables and can accommodate just a couple of people. We ordered for the Chicken Reshmi and Chicken Hummus Salad and were disappointed both with the filling and taste.
Rated We were sent here by the other maroosh @ lower parel as their systems were down.. so ended up here.. we had some offer coupons but for somereasons they could not locate the code online.. we had to wait for so long and till then they had made the shawarmas and kept and were not handing it over to us!!! Finally after waiting for so long they located it and gave us the cold shawarmas! ! What is wrong with maroosh!!!!!! Never gonna go back to this place again.. dont keep offers of you cant handle it!!
Rated Light house cafe situated at Worli has all the aesthetics of being a nice place, the décor and set up is good but when it comes down to the food and service this place has a lot to learn. We ordered for nachos, pesto pasta and pizza. The best dish out of them was the nachos, it's served with beans and salsa, there a very little melted cheese which I think it needs a lot more of. The pesto pasta lacked seasoning and needed a lot of additions to taste nice. The pizza was way below average, the sauce was completely flavourless. I would completely avoid the pizzas. We ordered the Chocolate Mud cake for desert and the way it was served was unacceptable, we tried to reason with the waiter to replace the dish but he(chandan) started arguing and defending the way the dish was made. Sorry to say the level of service was deplorable. Nikhil aroras crew really need to pull up there socks...
Rated Subway is one of my favourite chains to grab a quick, healthy lunch from, but this has got to be the worst outlet I've visited in the whole of Bombay. First of all, their lettuce is never fresh. It's always wilted and brown, and often mixed with cabbage (they make it a point to inform you of this, but still). Another time, I bought a chocolate milk from them, and later realised that it had expired MONTHS back. When I went back the next day to tell them this (couldn't go back the same day as I had done a takeaway), they simply shrugged and said they can't help it. Horrible service, and below average in terms of hygiene and quality of food. Give this outlet a miss.
Rated As much as I like Subway, I have to admit this is the worst outlet ever. The AC doesn't work most of the times, waiters are chilling on the mezzanine level, they don't have most of the sauces. And worst of all, they refuse to serve Egg & Bacon sub, even when they have it. Reason: Sir it's only till 11am and also our sales figures go down if we serve it. Bhenchod!! My advice, go next door to that Udipi or have a roadside sandwich.
Rated Seriously pathetic , the subway sandwich they make looks more like a road side sandwich. They hardly put any fillings in it and when you tell them to put more they will make faces at you and say stupid things. Also the promotional offers the company runs they try to force it on people and misguide you. Located at such a prime location , the management should try to improve it.
Rated The mutton biryani was very average in taste and quality. The rice were el dente and the quality of the meat average. They dont send raita coz the yogurt gets sour! The easy fix wud be to send the veggies and yogurt separate and assemble it later. At 1750/kg the price is too steep to make mistakes.
Rated This is a place I've been desperately wanting to go to :) I have read so much about them on Facebook that I'm just waiting for the right time as I dont live in Bombay unfortunately and these guys dont come to Bangalore :(
Rated Amalgamation of Indian and south East Asian food.. Two storied restaurant with tandoori and dim sums served in lower deck.. Upper deck has live sushi and teppanyaki counter.. Tried sushi and dim sums .. Worth giving it a try..
Rated Perusing the web, I see on a fasting website that a diet of "bread and water" forces one to differentiate between what one "wants" and what one "needs". San-Qi's Sunday Brunch forces its guests to reflect on this little nugget of worldly wisdom. I'm not sure how anyone would be desirous of anything beyond the simple confines of bread and water at this woeful attempt at a fine dine breakfast. The bread with apricots and nuts, the warm focaccia and wholemeal sliced bread - the first installment along the dual level buffet procession - lure you into a false sense of security at San-Qi. The bread is delicious. By the time, the businessman, who I dined with, calls for the butter, I was already scouring the buffet in hope of finer things. On the first floor, everything has a rather ghastly and generic "pan-Asian" air about it. A few notable abominations include spinach noodles in green tea and "soupy gloup" (the sweetcorn soup) which was like nose diving into a pit of quick sand. The samosas were the only hint of Indian cuisine I could find on either floor and were passable although excruciatingly dry, as they had been left sitting under the lights since the start of service I imagine. More Asian dishes, which are brought to the table, are found lurking at the end of the first level counter. We collectively called for the salt and pepper potatoes and some more spinach noodles (this time minus the green tea). Sadly, these dishes took over 30 minutes to arrive and only after mentioning this several times to various different waitresses. This included the rather haughty but well spoken manager, who also proposed in a pitiful gesture of consolation if I would like some stir fried vegetables as well, which again arrived another eternity later after the other dishes. In the interim, I found refuge in a bowl of penne with tomato sauce ( I didn't realise pasta was now a pan-Asian speciality). I was comforted to see the packets of De Cecco on full display, but slightly irked by the rather oleaginous sauce. I can appreciate a rather lavish drizzle of olive oil when plating the pasta, but not to cook the sauce in pools of it. The dessert counter bestows more atrocities on the obstreperous guests to be found in the Four Seasons. The puff pastry square with a raspberry topping is heavy and tasteless, despite being fervently pitched to me by the pastry chef as a "must try". The Chocolate Soufflé, found in a self contained corner of the restaurant was without a doubt the most heinous and abhorrent dessert I have ever witnessed. I had seen the Soufflé ramekins lying around on the counter and had specifically checked with the man operating the dessert oven, like a railway boy firing a steam train, whether a decent Soufflé was even a remote possibility. "Yes Sir, Yes Sir" was the reply. The Soufflé arrived at the table, completely sunk, heavy and burnt. At this stage, I must point out the obstreperous nature of the guests, who are found on the large table besides us. In curt imperative-filled sentences, these guests order waiters around like servants of a by-gone age from their burnished thrones of social sanctimony. Much to my dismay, I see they are served on time without similar mishaps of our own service. It seems such a travesty, that meekness really isn't majesty when it comes to serving guests at San-Qi. However it seems many establishments have forgotten that restaurant criticism is still the meek man's parade of justice and remains one of the best ways of bringing such culinary chicanery to light. AA Connoisseur
Rated San Qi I don't know how this place gets reservations cause even calling from dubai they do not wish to answer the phone and put me on hold twice and the call got disconnected it's a shame to be a five star and not have the etiquette to answer a call ...
Rated Ambience is very average. Small cockroaches running around d place. Fry surmai was the only thing worth eating. Rest of d food below average. Fry Bombay ducks were spoilt so had to I e it back. Rice was undercooked or stale hence too hard to eat. Shall not visit again.
Rated 215 bucks for a chicken meal and actually i got next to nothing. The quantity is ridiculous. Except chicken gravy which hardly had 1 or 2 tiny pieces nothing is worth mentioning. The delivery was pathetic, especially when you claim 40 mins and you only deliver then you cant afford to be late by 20 to 25 mins, sorry for being rude but you cant because that should be your forte. Well i highly doubt i am going to order from here again, sorry guys definitely needs lots of improvement.
Rated Not considering the not so lame it is situated in while writing this review... But still the food taste... Was not good. The bean dip was alright... But the nachos were not good. The worst was the beetroot carpaccio... The taste, the flavour, the bite... All not in place. The service too sucked. Not a place I would go again.
Rated There is nothing new about reviewing a Domino's Pizza. It is same across locations. I am taking the pain of writing this review because of two issues:- one, they are very inefficient in taking orders. You have to repeat everything two-three times and still there are chances that they would take down wrong orders. Two, they sometimes do not accept credit card (saying the swiping machine is not working), and if you give cash they say change is not there and they will come back with changes, and then came back with less amount of changes. This thing happened twice to me. I don't know whether it is intentional or not, but twice the same mistake in exactly similar manner raised my suspicion.
Rated good quality food at cheap rate. Service is the only annoying thing at this place , bit late. 4/5 for the ambience and 2/5 for the service..
Rated Had a quick lunch today at the Coffee Shop at the St. Regis, known as Seven Kitchens. We started off with an assortment of cold salads, seafood, cold cuts & sushi all of which were quite good. Especially the broccoli & salami Milano in a mustard dressing & the heart of palms with sundried tomatoes. Unfortunately that is where the pleasant part of out meal ended. For the mains I started with the salt less Asian fried lamb. They had some divine looking pork chops but unfortunately there was no meat and just fat on the bone. I was then told by the waiter to try their mutton biryani which consisted of fragrant rice and dry and chewy pieces of mutton . The kulcha's we ordered unfortunately never showed up to the table. Lastly for dessert I would only recommend the waffles which were crisp and light. Served with a side of vanilla ice cream and berry compote. The creme brûlée did not have the signature crispy bruleed sugar top it is supposed to have. Overall it was a very poor meal definitely not something I would expect from the St. Regis group.
Rated Have been here a couple of times. Located inside a furniture store in raghuvsnshi mill compound. The place is kinda hidden gem. The menu is limited but you can assured of quality and must mention which will put number of fine dining places to shame. Their thin crust pizza, tomato basil soups, quesedials, Apple pie are must have. The reason for not giving it a higher rating is two fold- lack of valet parking and limited staff which results in delayed orders in case the place is crowded. Lastly the joint closes early at around 10pm so ensure to plan your relax meal accordingly.
Rated Visited this restaurant after 3-4years and was totally disappointing. We didnt wanted to go far so we choose this over many options. Two of them were running late, so me and my other friend ordered for a garlic cheese bread, tomato basil soup and blue lagoon ;). Start was good. Everything was well seasoned and sensible. After that stuff started becoming weird. Chrispy paneer was pathetic. Just the covering tasted good. Chicken 65 as tangy as tamarind. And one more something chicken wantons there was hardly any chicken in it. Next we were excited for sizzlers and ordered for assorted ones with spaghetti, paneer skewers and white cheese sauce. Damn! Was the most pathetic decision ever. They were totally unexpected. And mogitos were okay and blue lagoon was also good. Food was little disappointing.
Rated Very disappointed. Ordered the khepsa biriyani, mutton sheekh kebab etc for approx 2400/-. After 2.5hrs of ordering no delivery was made...... Several attempts to call were ignored and the phones were not answered. Cannot be trusted to deliver
Rated Below expectations.. Had been to these place with high on expectations but they let me down.. Food was OK.. But the restaurant is overpriced.. Service is on but waiter kept on prompting have these and that which pissed me off
Rated Worst taste... I have ordered tisrya suka ... It's completely mood off when I had tested it... So much improvement is required.... Tisrya suka is full of shells only... I can give... 0 stars for this hotel...
Rated Worst restaurant I have ever visited. Went there recently with my friends for birthday celebration. We ordered 6 thalis and we got r dish after 1 hr 30 min. We asked for kombdi wade we got chapatis. N after 1st we asked for roti we got kombdi wade. pathetic staff and poor service standard. Better to visit local dhaba. value for money is 0. . .highly not recommended.
Rated Pricing strategy is veryy poor...they dnt knw to price the dishes...highly priced!!! Food quality is good bt need to concntrate on their pricing of the foods...if they focus on the prices then there will b more footfalls in the resto
Rated One Sunday we happened to order the food from here....falling for the false misleading advertisements obviously we thought they really do amazing sushi but NO they don't. Having ordered the sushi's, wok and the dim sums(which turned out decent) I think this place needs to improve on the sushi (veg) and the woks. Wok as a sign isn't very tricky or difficult to make. It's barely assembling and blending the tight ingredients to make it taste good. Firstly Wok Express is the only place that limits you from crossing the ingredient for eg only 6 veggies, only one sauce like what ? Really What if I want more or maybe I like to combine 2 flavours.. The guy who took my order said no :/. Secondly the wok tested bad and hated the flavour I was suggested. The Sushi was pathetic to next level and the entire food costs me a grand (INR 1000) I think Loco Chino doesn't a better job for a reasonable price. Guys please make sure you don't fall for any misleading or false marketing done by these guys and I really hope they improve with time :)
Rated I was left disappointed after my first visit here. I was told that they were out of mutton and wings for the night and everything had to be substituted with chicken. The burgers were good but the chicken wings served as a side to the burger was bland and tasteless. I hope to have a better outing the next time.
Rated Unfortunately, you cant rate half or zero because thats how baaaaaad the mexicano burger was. Whats good about this place is its super cheap other than that its a shabby little place & I wonder why anyone would eat here when vileparle offers such great vegetarian options. We also tried dakshin fries. They were ok. 2.5/5 for the fries. Burger literally 0/5. The electric wiring where the customers eat is dangerously exposed and unsafe. NEVER going back. I generally don't like to be super mean in a review but the burger just sucked that bad.
Rated Ordered Pronz there, which didnt taste good at all. It was bad experience it tasted bit soggy too. I hope these guys will look into this matter.
Rated Horrible..is the word... Stale veggies Subway has lost its standard... I dunno y Quiznos din work wich was top notch Only a few selected ones like d one at Phoenix n Bandra have d quality rest all are below average I wudnt be surprised to find worms in d lettuce 😖😖😖😖
Rated I wish i could rate it much low..lets begin with the entire story..to start with, we reachd at this place arnd 3.30 and we asked the waiter that is north indian available or not? He said it is bt provided v give our entire order on d spot..v gave our entire order together..the waiters there were so rude that he actually took away the plate in which i was having my soup just to make place for roti's which he bought together having no bloody sense abt the way food should be served..he got a very different vegetable than the ordered one..later when one of our family member spoke to him he told a lady to shut up n have food quietly..hopeless exp..STRICTLY NOT RECOMMENDED
Rated Most pathetic Chinese food I have eaten in a long time. Chicken coriander soup - only chicken stock with some coriander leaves. Chicken pepper - no good And last but not the least Prawns Thai curry - nowhere near any Thai or curry.
Rated So first thing first. This place is overly hyped. Tried almost all their specialties and to my shock nothing was good let alone great. The missal for which it gained popularity recently was the worst I have had till date. Can Surely give it a miss !
Rated I went to this outlet today but the price is too high for this area if they decrease the price n keep nominal then this outlet. Can do good business because this area is the place where lower cast stay so see if you can then do or else sorry this outlet will close down
Rated It maybe a bad choice to order Thai food from this Chinese joint; I realised that. I ordered for a home delivery of the Thai Red Chicken Curry with Steamed rice and Chicken Lollypops. Considering it's Thai food the order took a good amount of time for delivery. BUT.. The Thai curry tasted horrific. It seemed to have been cooked in coconut oil with some schezwan sauce and it was watery! Imagine having that with Steamed rice. The chicken Lollypops were like any of the other Chinese joints. May not order again from this place.
Rated Home delivery took a long time than committed. Food not that great.. There are better Chinese restaurants in the vicinity. Had ordered chicken chilli dry, veg schezwan noodles, Chicken triple schezwan rice and manchow soup. Except the soup, everything else was bland.
Rated Worst place I ever seen. No quality, no good service, in fact employee as well as owner don't have manners. Wasted my money. unhygienic food. I wanted to give rating in minus but it won't allow, that's y given 1.
Rated Maharashtrian style food. Very expensive. Less quantity, more charges, not so worth for the taste. I visit here with my family most of the time. Hidden somewhere inside the lane
Rated What on earth are they feeding in the name of Mexican food. Authenticity was nowhere close in the store. The stupidest burritos i had tasted in my life. Upon that exaggerating prices they put up on menu. One rating is only due to some dip they had which was tasting superb. Couldn't care much to ask what is it as i was literally taken down by the main food. Run if u see them.
Rated Poor food quality, I would suggest do not visit this place as there much better options around. Place is clean, but service is poor. Not at all value to money.
Rated Shit food,who had thought that this restaurant will be legend like mahesh and pratap .Going there first time was a bit excited but when ate the khichia papad ,SHIT
Rated Nothing extraordinary about this place. The garlic bread sucked big time! It was just Plain bread toast and very hard at the sides. Even other dishes didn't look that nice
Rated THE WORST HOTEL WE EVER HAD, THE PERSON ON PHONE DONT LISTEN TO WHAT HAS BEEN ORDERED RATHER IS EAGER TO DISCONNECT THE PHONE... WORST EVER EXPERIENCE.... WHY DO ZOMATO DOES NOT HAVE - RATINGS NOT WORTH 1 .0 ALSO...
Rated Dont go for this place ...specially for late night ...get closed at 12.30....waiter comes to u n tell u loudly...jaldi karo band honewala hai.....arrogant staff
Rated was one of my favourite restaurants once upon a time but the food quality has now gone down a big time!! ordered a paneer starter and the paneer tasted stale! I thought post renovation, the quality must have improved but thats not the case.
Rated An average restaurant with some new chic ambience. We ordered Thai mushroom babycorn cottage cheese soup which was a fantastic start. The main course paneer amritsari was average and methi mutter malai was below average. Parathas were good but ridiculously small. Even chapatis at my home are bigger in size. The 3/5 rating above is coz of soup and (the quality) of parathas. Waiters were in a hurry since it was a Sunday. Slightly overpriced. Can be given a miss if you have other options.
Rated My bad i didnt listen to all the reviews about it. Totally over priced!. The food is below average. Buffet didn't have much variety and way to costly. Service is slow and not very cheerful. U have better places to go. So it is a no no!
Rated Really horrid. Only ordered garcia's ages ago years and years when it first opened it really wasn't that bad. Now?! Tough base, odd tasting cheese, tomato sauce is really sweet and the price for the quality is ridiculous. Avoid. Go for crave or tertullia instead, prices are reasonable and quality is much better
Rated Unfortunately i am rating you guys down for the Horrible Experience for the Food that got delivered yesterday.. "Greenz" - After turning to Salads and searching the net for a Proper Salad Corner near my office I found this place which looked worth. It has been nearly 4 times i have ordered from their Outlet. When it Comes to Delivery - No Doubt they are perfect on time. They might say 1hr But within 30 min approx. I have got it delivered at my workplace. Packaging: Fantastic. Till now i never had any issue regarding the way you guys send across the Salad Box. Actually to say you can reuse those boxes. Food: Till Now I have tasted nearly 5 Salad Boxes. Chicken Haystack Salad Health Freak Veggie Popular Chicken Hay Stack Salad Chicken Pasta Salad Lean Chicken Oriental Salad Except the Last everything Taste amazing.. I would say Exotic Veggies that is placed well and taste superb... Unfortunately, the last meal was not so good. I would say worst. I have already ordered 4 times from this place and every time iI have received the best-packed Salad. But unfortunately, my last order would term it as "Disaster". I am not sure whether the person who packed the salad was in so much hurry that he forgot to place it properly. When it comes to food I hate to compromise. If someone disappoints me I surely would not order back. Normally I get the Salad at one side of the box with Chicken placed on the other side. But this one meal was not worth. It was shabby, tasteless and messed up. The veggies were not at all fresh nor anywhere meeting the standards of being Oriental Veggies.. Nor was the chicken fresh and edible. It is important to stick to what you really show on the Images. I hope you don't disappoint again.
Rated Food here is below average.. Had lot of expectations on fish cutlet and biryani. Thought they ll bring out the authentic Bengali feel. But they failed to do so. Request the management for a overhaul
Rated A not so great rolls place for a one that calls itself "rolls & company". Highly overpriced, especially given that it's just a thela with a roof and walls. Probably most frequented by the hungry office-crowd around, though I see more of a rush at the vada pav stall just outside (which I do recommend btw). My first visit there was also my last.
Rated This place is the WORST place to have anything! There is not much choice in the cakes they offer nor do they have good pastries! The cheese on the veg pizza is just so bad that I don't want to describe it. The non veg pizza's chicken has to be chewed a lot and the vegetables don't taste fresh at all! I really want all my viewers to beware of these mini land mines which are spread all across the city :P Make a wise decision ;)
Rated Ab wo maza nai raha Monginis me. Taste, quality and flavours have fallen to a great level. Kya Hua Mongini waalo, bas rate badhaate raho aur quality ghataate raho...
Rated Not worth it ! Bad quality only quantity If u need quantity go for it
Rated The food is not good. The pizza was burnt, the paneer appetizer was bland, nachos were soggy. The service was slow. I did not really like the experience.
Rated This place deserves a rating below than 1 1. Manager doesn't know how to behave and talk to the customers over the phone or even personally..He thinks he is the boss who owns this place.. 2.We were informed about the buffet and the moment we reached,they said the option is not available. 3.*Complete waste of time*.The moment we the called the manager over the phone to rectify the mistake and were expecting an apology,but in return he was showing us his pathetic attitude,and blaming us instead for reaching there late.. 4.Such behaviour is a curse for such a lovely place..I am not coming here again definitely and would even not recommend people to come here.. 5.Thank you guys for wasting our precious time..
Rated Second time visiting and must say that the quality has gone down. Ordered the karaage chicken which is nothing but a thin strip of chicken covered in tempura batter 3 times its size and soaking in oil. Also ordered the lamb steak sizzler. Surprisingly they do not serve a lamb steak as the name suggests. It's basically rice with lamb gravy. To add to the dish wasn't even sizzling. Sent it back.
Rated Nothing great. An overhyped restaurant. Single meal bowls are bland. The starters are just average and nothing spectacular. Definitely a pricey place. It's small and there's always a queue during peak times!
Rated A nothing place. Is it a bar, is it a lounge, is it a diner, is it a cafe ? ... its something in between ... drinks ... just ok ... starters ... just ok ... service ... just ok ... music ... just ok ... in this world of Bombay Canteen ... this place needs some catching up.
Rated The ambiance is disappointing but the food is alright. However it is over priced. The food isn't exquisitely delicious and the menu is misleading. One of the worst experiences of my life. The service was also very bad.
Rated Asilo badly wantd to visit diz plc...finally landed up...plc n view was ♥_♥ skyline!! Orderd fr frozen lychee mocktail followed by flatbread and barbequed cottage cheese!! Food+ambience+service=thumsup!! Must definitely try out diz plc!!
Rated I don't think I've had tea that could be this bad. Decided to order it via swiggy. It took longer than usual but didn't matter as I was in no hurry. Decided to go for the kesar chai. The packaging looked good and the kulhads were intact. They truly love up to the saying of looks can be deceptive. The box refused to open without leaking out the tea all over my work table and the taste ! So so bad ! The tea didn't seem to have any milk in it. It was watery and I think they forgot to put the kesar in it. Frankly the taste of kesar can be smelt from miles away ! They really need to improve on their quality and with their exorbitant prices it can't get any worse ! I do hope they serve better tea in their outlet. Cause I don't think I'll order from here ever again.
Rated I knew Bombay Blue wasn't very good but I didn't expect it to be this bad either. We ordered Nachos and the three sauce pasta. Nachos were pretty okay,nothing special about them. The pasta was terrible, all the three sauces were badly cooked. I wouldn't suggest it to anyone else.
Rated A good place to bring to have lunch with your family, but even though the place opens at 12pm one must either come before 1pm or make a reservation else may have to wait for a table. I took my parents here for a pending anniversary present and thought the food was disappointing. We ordered the veg platter, channa bhatora and pav bhaji. Although the food had flavor it was too oily and left an uneasy feeling in the stomach throughout the afternoon.
Rated This place has a wide range of dishes on the menu. The food though was not as expected. We reluctantly scraped through the plate. Fell ill the next day with a upset stomach. Never visit
Rated Getting a table here is so difficult in peak hours since it's too tiny. They serve truly authentic Chinese food here. It's bang opposite to phenoix mall. Service is quick & taste is fab ! Ordered Crab soup Plum corn crispy Chicken burnt chilly rice Blueberry cheesecake Choco cake
Rated Very disappointed. Firstly, they took a surprisingly long time to deliver. Once they did...only the veg sandwich was labeled, which was a little redundant cos the veg and non veg sandwiches have different coloured packaging. The veg and non veg sandwiches were also in the same packet, rather than in different ones. We had ordered 4 sandwiches, with which they sent just 3 tissues. And the sandwiches were surprisingly small, for the price. They also got the order wrong - right from the bread, to putting onions in it. Overall quite dissatisfied. Doubt I'll order from here again.
Rated It's a small outlet, almost blink and miss! We ordered the tomato basil lasagna, the Penne Alfredo, Mac and cheese pizza and the Spaghetti Aglio E Olio. As accompaniment, we ordered iced tea and an Oreo shake along with a strawberry banana shake. The iced tea was decent, but the Oreo shake was a little too much milk and less Oreo. Besides that, the food was good. The penne Alfredo was lip smacking and easily my favourite! The Mac n cheese pizza was great too! All in all, the place is worth the food and not overpriced. The lack of seating and space might be a problem, but it is definitely worth it!
Rated Practically all the other restaurants were full on a Saturday Night in Palladium Mall, happened to try out Asia Kitchen."Indian Chinese" food tends to taste the same no matter what resturant you visit. Only here for the cocktails, few starters & it wasn't a bad experience at all . The Dim Sum platter ( 9 pieces ) was the biggest let down. All the dim sums were tasting the same, since all were chicken. + it seemed it wasn't really prepared, it tasted more or less that the cold storage product. 2/5 The Mongolian Skewered Lamb was really awesome. Everything about the dish from the theater effect to the taste. It was really tender and the Chinese flavours blended in together. 5/5
Rated Been here yesterday for Dinner.. Was not very crowded, table for 4 was easily available but for 6 + it was little difficult to get eight away. We waited for sometime and got the table for 8 with little adjustment of chairs. The waiter asked me which water to be served,I said regular water and then he said ohh muncipalti water..I was like hell don't you have etiquettes to talk... Then ordered couple of started chatpata shakarkand, cheese papadi shots and harabhara kabab..which were jus OK in taste..cheese papadi shots was waste of time and money...then in main course ordered phinadari kofta vegetable..which was too spicy.. Amritsar papad are just too spicy made up of Kali Mirchi.. Dnt waste money in papad.. The vegetable was so spicy tht nobody preferred second roti/naaan.. Just to see hv we made wrong choice, tght of ordering alloo paratha to see how does tht basic thng taste like..but won't Blv tht was also too spicy and not good in taste.. So with all these ordered we made conclusion tht thr is no point wasting our money here by keep ordering.. Since this restaurant is new its running as of now..m sure after couple of months with this taste it can't survive... Would not recommend this resto...
Rated This place highly disappointment since I had a delightful meal at Persia Darbar in Jogeshwari. I am still unsure if they are related since I get mixed feedback/confirmation. Our office had a team lunch and biryani seemed like the logical and preferred choice for a bunch of 27 odd folks. I recommended Persian Darbar after speaking to them about quantity and logistics. We placed an order 2 days in advance for 2kgs Veg Biryani, 2kgs Chicken Biryani, 1 single serving Egg biryani and 1 kg Mutton Biryani. Sure enough on D-day the order arrived albeit slightly late - that I can totally forgive given Andheri East traffic and our location. The orders (except for Egg biryani) came in large Biryani couldrons/Vessels which we were to return to them after. The presentation was fantastic, there were layers and significant amount of vegetables and meat in all except mutton. The flavor was good but the main problem was the oil used. Everyobne complained about the vegetarian biryani being sticky and greasy like it was cooked in bad oil or dalda. The chicken biryani was also greasy but people didn't seem to mind and made peace with it. The egg and mutton biryanis seemed to be the best. However, the vegetarians in our team were disappointed and sadly alot of it was wasted as they were unable to eat beyond a single serving. Quantity was absolutely not an issue and there were generous portions for all. BIG drawback was no raita or sides with the biryani. I would expect that with such a large order, raita and kachumber (salad) should be a must like many establishments do. They simply told us to place a separate order which we declined to do so. So I would count that as a minus. I am not ready to write of this place since I was the mutton/chicken biryani hogger. However, bad oil/dalda used is a big NO NO for me especially for an establishment known for its signature cuisine. Persian Darbar please take note.
Rated UCC is a small canteen like chinese joint on marol maroshi road. Although the ambience din feel so great..the food made up for it. Decided to try the veg wanton fry in the starters and veg hong kong noodles in main course; the first particularly being very crispy and very good. The wanton fry is basicaly a dumpling version of spring rolls deep fried. The hong kong noodles was nothing exceptional,yet well made. Overall,this place is not a bad option if your looking for chinese options near marol.
Rated Won't be too critical while reviewing since I haven't visited this place but got an opportunity to order in once.. Ordered a chicken biryani and it wasnt all that great.. Sadly it is one of those biryanis which are cooked on demand when an order comes in and thus very similar to a fried rice.. Though the taste was good but it wasnt a biryani for sure. No comments about the ambience since I ordered in. Would update this once I visit the place and try their shawarmas.
Rated Really bad!!!! This was the first time we were trying this food chain. Went there for dinner. Located at sakinaka on really busy road. No parking available and no valet either. We tried chicken shawarma, falafel with humus, Moroccan kebab, nizami biryani. All the dishes was pathetic. The guy who was serving us was really weird didn't understood was he was upto. We were the only people sitting in that restaurant which itself described where this restaurant stands. My friend really uncomfortable being a girl. Waiters were acting really weird.
Rated Minks saoji, had heard a lot about it. Went there with curiosity. Carved for Nagpur's saoji taste. We ordered saoji chicken and mutton kheema. Mutton kheema was somehow OK. Chicken soaji was near to saoji in Nagpur. Just in terms of color, presentation etc. In taste its too far. Jeera garlic rice was also not done properly. Specially the garlic was not fried fully. On the other side, its too costly. It's almost double the price. It takes the rating scale down. I wish the taste side was more heavy. :p
Rated We had very bad experience ordering food from this outlet... The order was supposed to reach within 1 hour.. But instead took around 1 hour 45 mins .. The subs were all tacky and smuged by the time they reached..!!! Rinkle Shah
Rated The worst subway ever experienced. I request people to please stay away from this outlet at any cost. Ordered for home delivery and received the same almost after 1 and a half hour and that too were so ungrateful in accepting their mistake
Rated The BIGGEST mistake a restaurant can make is to send NON-VEG food to a customer who has ordered veg food. It has happened to me for the first time in my 25 years and I am emotionally hurt. I ordered Veg Haka Noodles with Manchurian on March 16 (photo attached). Gobblr sent me non veg Manchurian instead. I realized it after i took a bite. Photos are attached here for a proof. My previous experience was also not good with this restaurant. Only thing i want to say everyone - "GO TO SEARCH BOX above and find a different restaurant because these guys just don't get it" Veg People - STRICT NO NO Non-Veg People - SERVICE IS NOT GOOD ANYWAY
Rated It was a rude shock to see the place serving food in such a mess. Can see oil stains from previous customers who dined on tables. The decor was perfect for one day but then I don't know what the management decided and it for twisted totally. Should consider shutting this place down. Heard rat noises from kitchen while I was dining and immediately decided to never step in again. The cook and waiters are loud. And not to mention, a server keeps staring and is irritated when asked for things. This WAS going to be my and my friends to- go place when I saw the decor was being done nicely, wonder what got that stopped. Wish it were nicely done. Should seriously consider having your place at all because my office colleagues along with me at many times have found it unhygienic. Advice to the management that you should or shouldn't change decor of a place, not screw it up like this. The bar counter is beautiful. Whoever did that should be brought and rest should be changed too. Or else mustea will lose customers!
Rated Ordered Breakfast from this Joint on a Lazy Sunday Ordered a pot of Adraki Chai, Tawa Chilly Idli, Gobi & Aloo Paratha, Poha and Kheema Pav. The food was decent. The chai was good. The Kheema Pav sucked. Parathas were damn good.
Rated Ordered for a non veg noodle soup which was described as a clear soup with noodles, pak choy mushroom, carrot and zucchini - and some honey tossed crispy noodles. The home delivery took much longer than expected and the food tasted quite horrible. The crispy noodles was pathetic, smelled of bad oil and the soup had only some noodles, chicken and cabbage floating in the broth - no sign of vegetables whatsoever. Apart from the quantity of food - there was literally nothing that worked for me - zero flavour, quality and consistency issues. All in all, would never re-order from this place again.
Rated Ordered for a house party. Tom yum soup, thai lounge potato, chilli basil prawns, red thai curry, and a couple of woks in hunan sauce and black pepper sauce. Order took almost 1 hr 15 minutes to reach. Cold by then. And Panda, i hate cold food. Had to reheat in a microwave. Packaging just about OK. Tom yum – The distinctive kaffir lime taste was missing. But soup was spicy. So ok. Thai lounge potatos – cold starters not easy to revive. No comments. Chilli basil prawns – prawn size medium. Nice flavour of chilli basil (one of my favourites) Red thai curry – safest thai dish to order. Difficult for any chef to mess up. Ok taste. Could have been a little more thicker. Woks – Hunan sauce bad, black pepper sauce good. flat noodles sad (poor quality) Difficult to recommend, when you have better home ordering options in the region like Tao9, Pan of Asia, and Mainland China.
Rated It was the day after Christmas and me and my friends were watching a movie and we're all lazy to move out of the house to grab a bite! So we decided to try square pizza. The banner fascinated most of us and the pizza's delivered were up to the mark! A serious competitor in the pizza company!
Rated Was totally disappointed with the quality of the pizzas. Not at all up to the mark. The only plus point was the cheese as we had ordered cheeseburst pizzas.
Rated The place place is meant for regular people from offices around. This is good hangout place for near by offices no doubt. The service is useless where as food quality is questionable. Taste 4 Ambience. 6 Service. 2 Value for money 2 Overall 4
Rated Terrible experience; arrogant, unprofessional, and rude staff; order was delayed by an hour; not recommended either for dining or foe delivery.
Rated Food - ZERO Ambiance - 1 Service - NEGATIVE Value For Money - 900 For 2. Though the name may appeal as another quality food chain, but would advice to give it a skip and prefer any street food. Absolutely pathetic food standards and hygiene. Had no option or else would have rated negative. FOOD - Almost everything, burger or bagel might have multiple bread options viz. regular, brown, multi grain, etc. But just when you are astonished by the varieties on offer from such a small outlet, issues knock in. Barbeque Chicken Bagel had hard chicken pieces. Sausage, Egg & Mushroom Bagel was nothing but an experience of tasting another substandard bagel. Disappointed post our initial order, we thought of trying out pizzas. But much to our surprise, the pizzas served had burnt crust. And adding to it, we were served with metallic wire from the kitchen utensils dish-washer on the crust which was an absolute neglegance. Though they charge you extra for cheese the quantity doesn't justify the cost. Cheese Garlic Bread too was disappointing since cheese used was just average. LET DOWN - Barbeque Chicken Bagel, Sausage, Egg & Mushroom Bagel, Chicken Supreme Pizza, Veg Supreme Pizza, Cheese Garlic Bread. AMBIANCE - Too small a place. Sitting arrangements arn't great either and cramps you up if you are walking in with a mid sized group. SERVICE - Another aspect which needs great lift. Server cum Chefs are unaware about the term "hygiene". You might come across watching them scratch their head, dig their noses and all such unwanted scenes. Would advice them to use disposable gloves at least while preparing dishes. Overall there exist management disaster.
Rated Samvene Bagel Cafe lies beneath the metro station in the madness of Marol. I had been to another SBC outlet in versova which shut many years ago. The 1 thing I found common in both was that they both loved to put excessive amounts of Mustard Mayo in their bagels and burger. And this one also had too many flies inside the cafe. Despite the AC being on. So not a great experience. If you ignore their Mayo problem, they can be really good.
Rated have nothing much to say but had gone to had lunch over there, found a dead mosquito near my plate, since they've got a cooking counter near the main road. its not hygienic at all!
Rated It isn't easy to find out this place tucked in a small corner of a little unknown mall. But who am i to comment, when i am still figuring the Mall and Commercial complex diffrence and the standards which differentiate both. So the moment you would enter the place. The first thing which will hit you is the space. The place is huge from Mumbai Standards Coming to the ambiance, It had dim light being full crowded it was a bit noisy too, the music was a bit loud but playing bollywood numbers and Coke Studio. Coming to the core, Food. This place is an Oasis in Dessert for North Indian Fodd lovers. The Dal Makhni, Kadahi Paneer. I went with friends recommendations. The Place is Run by Sikh Gentleman and he has done justice to the place. We Delhites drool over the site of a Dark Brown thick Gravilicious topped with White Swirls of Cream. The sight and Smell took me to Delhi. The Kadahi Paneer wasnt bad either. It was great from mumbai standard. The only other place i know which serves great Dal Makhni would be Carvan Serai but i had lunch there 5 years back. waiting to check out and reveiw that place again.
Rated I was here for lunch with friends.I use to frequently go to pop Tate's and always thought of eating at urban tadka sometime.And we did.The food was bad.Ordered lemon chicken and it was one of the worst kind of food I have had in a very long time.Thn had adhraki chicken..was even worse thn the starter.Left the place hungry and angry.Sorry but the food was really not even edible good.
Rated Well to put it simply it was a disaster of a decision to order food from this place. Not a single thing was edible. Presentation was bad and packing seemed as if i had ordered from road side kiosk. Everything came wrapped in an aluminium foil. I mean how can someone screw up fish and chips. Well they managed to do that as well. As soon as the fork went inside the fish, the entire crust came off as a wrapper. Fish was cold inside and soggy. Chips were cold too and hard to chew. And crust, well it went to the bin after a single bite. Garlic bread had only one topping - Garlic, and loads of it. We had to literally scrub the topping off to make it edible. Last thing was a shawarma, which read "the traditional chicken shawarma". It should rather be named - "the traditional beetroot shawarma". It could well be termed as healthy for the amount of beetroot it had inside, but it was definitely not a traditional chicken shawarma. Packing - 1/5 (and they charge for packing.) Delivery - 2/5 (30 mins late and they charge for it too, even on orders more than their minimum order. The only reason for a 2 here is because delivery boy duly apologised before i could say anything about the late delivery.) Taste - 1/5 ( cold, soggy and NOT tasty. none of it. raw crushed Maggi with masala sprinkled over it is even more tasty)
Rated The Food Bar (TFB) is the sister concern of the Spice Bazaar located in the same premises of the ever famous Bar Stock Exchange and Mc Donald's in Saki Naka. This place unfortunately is a disaster. I have just been there once during a quick office break and its a major disappointment. Ordered the mutton Burger which was the worst burger I tasted my entire life. Served with 6 wedges and salad topped with mayo , no words can express how bad the burger tasted. The place is understaffed as there is the 2 guys managing the crowd. During my brief visit, they managed to screw 2 orders in quick succession. A patron had ordered chicken pasta but had received veg pasta instead after waiting for 30 mins. Another group had to cancelled part of their starters order as the waiter served them the main course again they were made to wait over 30 mins. All of this occurred on a weekday when most people just want a quick meal. I has to wait for 30 mins for an order that was promised in 10 mins. Catching the server’s attention is another challenge as they look like they hated their job and were over-worked and confused. This joint is so mis-managed in all departments, it makes Mc Donald’s look better in product, price, quality and service. Definitely not recommended.
Rated Strictly mediocre food. Ordered a vegetarian patty burger with simple instructions to not add tomatoes in it- got a pedestrian bun with a patty and lo behold three slices of tomatoes. Extremely disappointing. Traditional chicken Shawarma- Edible but Nothing great. Some shredded cabbage with bland chicken pieces in Mayo. The pictures on Zomato fooled us ... I really had hopes for this one!
Rated I visited this restaurant on Sunday evening..the staff here are Not trained properly..they dont even know wat are the ingredients of a dish they are serving..in addition to the untrained staff, the major drawback of the restaurant is that if u want to have thali den go get sum 8-10 ppl wid u otherwise u vil be highly disappointed..also if u want salt n pepper keep on asking the waiter for the same which ideally needs to be on ur table. A BAD EXPERIENCE!!
Rated Definately a NO. I had been there with huge expectations as the restaurant being a 5 star. But the plce is dissapointing as far as food is concerned. Starters were okay. Soup turned out to be at a room temperature. Main course was bad except the Dal makhani which was delicious. Deserts were the only ones that saved our day. No doubt the staff was friendly but food was pathetic.
Rated I had high expectations for this place. Unfortunately, Calendar's Kitchen didn't quite match up. I ordered a chicken machboos for lunch via Swiggy (now these guys are great). I've had authentic chicken machboos in the Middle East before, so I had an approximate idea of what I was getting myself into. I wasn't expecting the real thing but I did expect something close at the very least. So here's what I got. Mildly spiced rice tossed together with cloves of garlic, chopped tomatoes and onions. The garlic, tomatoes and onions felt woefully undercooked. I cannot stand raw tomatoes. Also, it was seriously lacking salt. On the plus side, I imagine it must have been quite healthy considering all of the above. So yeah, +1 for that. Perhaps I should've stuck to hummus and pita, as I'd initially planned. Definitely won't be ordering rice from here, again.
Rated Let me start with the bad aspects of the shining armour of sakinaka. The hotel, not to be seen anywhere in the locality, extremely difficult to map as its located in a pathetic and barren area. Since my foodie orgasms always push me to go for every new restaurant in any locality, i was forced to visit. So I reach there and find out that they have good food, but poor service delivery towards its customers. There was absolutely noone except our table for lunch. Hence we expected them to customize their service and try to be flexible to their onpy customers this afternoon. But they failed there big time. Even small requests like increasing the air conditioner temperature or increasing the volume of the music were not accepted. At the end of the meal, they announced that we had to pay the bill using cash only and their card machine was not working. Since we were around 10 of us, none was carrying a lot of cash to pay the bill, but they forced us to go walk a mile and get the cash withdrawn. It was the last thing expected from a hotel business. In case they had informed us in the beginning, we could have done some arrangements. Then they expected us to write good reviews in their dairy. Disaster lunch day. They screwed their tasty food quality by their pathetic service.
Rated Went there for breakfast & had awful overall experience. Ambience was bad, no hygiene, very slow service, not cordial staff. I believe these things can still be ignored, if the food is good but that was even worse. Tried dosa & I can assure this was the worst masala dosa I have tasted in Mumbai. I had interaction with few more customers in the restaurant & everybody shared the same feelings. A strict no-no for this restaurant. Better to be avoided.
Rated They have a sit down chicken /non veg lunch buffet @399 pp on weekends. As per the concept you can order one soup, starter, main course, NAANS, rotis, parathas, kulchas and rice as many times you want but you can only repeat the same dish again. They also give you a soft drink or buttermilk unlimited. We got Chicken amritsari kebabs and Chicken crunchy for starters. Chicken Manchow soup Dal makhani, Naan, Kulchas and Parathas. These items were good. For main course we ordered Chicken tawa and Chicken in bbq sauce with mushrooms and only one chicken fried rice as we were feeling full. Main course tastes average. Butter scotch ice cream as desserts. The dessert is limited, you can get ice-cream or Gulab jamun. Service is decent no issues just the food takes a while to arrive. They have plenty of parking space too. Only the bad part is the location of Sakinaka which can deter people from coming. As a suggestion they should allow to choose from multiple items for repeat instead of ordering the same one.
Rated Been there on a rainy sunday night. This place is located very inside and is hard to find. The ambience is simple and pleasant. The food is amazing. The service is pathetic. Don't waste the food they charge you 50% of the entire bill we're let off with an warning. But I'd again visit this place only for the food and nothing else.
Rated Had gone for midnight buffet and let me tell u this place is really bad ....though the ambience was good food was equally bad. Only thg which I iked was dessert ...
Rated We accidentally landed up here. Our plan was to head to Holiday Inn, but a wrong turn and loads of traffic played catalyst for our visit to this hotel. The menu on zomato is outdated, wonder why they wudnt update the new continental/Italian menu on zomato. The menu is exhaustive, but surprisingly risotto does not find a mention in it. This ambiance is decent but service is a little slow. We were here on Friday at around 630 and they were busy preparing for the evening buffet. We ordered for 1. Gardenia pizza 2. Picco polo chicken pizza 3. Coleslaw sandwhich 4. Hummus platter 5. Chilly chicken 6. Fruit sangria 7. Beers The pizza were average. Not a very big fan of thick crust and they dint have the option for thin crust. The hummus platter was not bad and so was the sandwich. The chilly chicken was overtly spicy and took a lot out of to actually consume it. The sangria was a mix of juices with some fruits thrown in, at 300 was expensive. Overall a decent place to catch up on work if you around, foods nothing to write home about though.
Rated I've been a regular at this place for the past 5 years ignoring allegations that they adulterate their expensive whiskies when ordered , treat their customers like shit , over bill their customers .......... All because I had till date never faced the same issue . Off late though ,this has been testing my patience . From waiters trying to get you leave by 12 am on a Saturday night ( just because we were the lone table ,mind you they generally are open till 1 am ,but what the hell ..... Lone table , let's make them scramble under false pretense and leave early home said the waiters I guess) to them making fuss over 4 people occupying a table of 6 on a lonely late Sunday eve (when the entire bar was empty except for that 1 table we were trying to occupy) to the final straw that occurred today . Saturday eve - it's 11.00 pm and just because there's no one else patronizing them (I guess you have these fools to blame for their shoddy practices), they make an excuse that they close early on Saturday nights ! Even my neighbourhood udipi restaurant is open post 11 pm . Never stepping foot in this rotten diseased excuse of a bar ever again !
Rated Dear friends, please do not consider this restaurant at all.... specially for home deliveries...... they are just pathetic in their services....... I had ordered through zomato online today at 12.39 PM and paid the bill amount online thru netbanking. As per the confirmation received from zomato the food was suppose to get delieverd by 1.19 PM. Till 1.30 the food didnt reach me and hence it made me call the restaurant ppl to check.... Their reply was so irritating as they told dat dey dont have much clue that why food wasnt delivered. On asking the number of the delivery boy they gave the number but at the same time they said that the person is not answering any calls now (Highly irresponsible). meanwhile thru zomato chat i had also asked zomato representative to help tracing the order. When she called the restaurant they told the same thing to her as1 well that the person is not picking up the call.... This is the kinda service they provide.....after several calls the delivery boy picked up the call and said that he had come for delivery and he had called on the registered number frm the gate but no one received the call..... I was surprised to know this as i didnt got any call frm that person...... i asked him wen u will come and deliver the food and he told that he wud be reaching in 10 minutes. He didn't turn up again for next half n hour........i and zomato representative continuously tried to call the fellow and he was not answering the call (his callertune as well is so damn annoying - call 7302142879 to check)..... After all this he came with parcel at 2.20 pm.... on asking him about the entire thing instead of apologizig he started arguing that he had called multiple times. After checking the details we noticed that the number printed on the bill was only wrong. (Again the restaurants mistake) as the number routed through zomato was absolutely correct. When the food arrived it was not warm and the taste was also very ok type of..... zomato called me to apologize for the entire nuisance but the restaurant didnt have courtsey to call and apologize. After zomato investigated further about the delay the restaurant confirmed that there were 2 mistakes frm their side 1. They passed the order late to chef 2. They copied wrong number frm zomato. Restaurant manager after discussion with zomato just called to apologize in a casual way....... rather considering this restaurant you have multiple options near sakinaka like 5 spice, main land china, shiv sagar etc....... plz order from somewhere else and not frm here...... on asking about refund of the restaurant he just said that he will check the feasibility and get back but i knw very well that he will never call back and never give the refund. Bakwaas service, average food and high price......
Rated Yeh!!!!! Fat Kong, !!! After long time I order food from Fat kong of Fat kong Box, it was quite good!!! but they have to improve all about the test of food. any way it was not so bad too. thanks Fat kong..... see you again with best pleassures.............
Rated I have stayed here once with my family During a flight layover It's quite nice The food was 6/10 Ambience 6/10 Service 6/10 N isn't expensive Next time I got a few hrs to crash near the airport This won't be a bad option !!
Rated Have ordered Twice from this place now. 1st time it was singapore noodles. Did not like it. Thought to ourselves may be we ordered wrong. Gave it a 2nd try shortly after. It was wanton soup and phad thai. Wanton soup: Bland. No flavour. Phad thai: Noodles were thick. I am not sure putting star anise in chinese is a good idea. It is usually in biryani. The noodles were fairly dry too. Extremely disappointing taste overall. Quantity was large, but what does one do with Quantity if the taste isn't good? Having experienced the food, I seriously doubt the reviews raving and singing praises for this restaurant here. Not ordering again from here.
Rated We had a nice reunion of our group during India Vs Pak WC T20 match. Loved the music and the ambience! Apart from drinks and the usual mainstream starters, we tried something new and it failed to appease us. Pepper blasted chicken and prawns poppers. Pepper blasted chicken was too oily and was overloaded with peppery essence which was irritating. I don't know whether it was some fault on that particular day since it is mentioned in the recommended dishes.
Rated Horrible place never been so decided to try it regret that decision I made will never come here at all ordered salad horrible taste... Ordered tomato soup and veg clear soup the worst I ever had... I prefer the food bar and jugheads they make better soup that this is garbage and the noise is horrible I told them to reduce the volume they said sorry we can't it was pathetic service they werr rude....
Rated The only good thing about the place is the ambience. Apart from that everything is quite screwed up. To a get a table when atleast 4-5 tables were empty on a Sunday evening, it took them 4 people and 15 mins. Service is even worse. They pretty much turn a deaf ear to anything you say. People come listen to you and don't bother about it. They do things at their own sweet pace. Quite an annoying experience.
Rated Bloody stupid staff. And equally rude. I called them for reservation they told you directly walk in. I spend 90mins to reach this place thanks to traffic, and what I am greeted with: no stag entries and table reservation only. When I argued they were ready to let me in with a cover charge of 3000 pp. a good way to discourage. You spoiled a very precious evening and Also spoiled the mood of my guest. I am gonna make you guys pay for this...
Rated The place is massive! Has a really chill vibe to it. If you love dancing till late then please head over here with your squad. You will not be disappointed.
Rated I personally found this place a bit over hyped. The ambience is okay, nothing so different except THE LITTLE DOOR to enter. Getting a seat here is difficult especially on weekends so make sure you have a reservation. The drinks are slightly expensive compared to many other similar places. If you don't wish to spend a lot, try to visit during happy hours or offer periods. All the dishes that we ordered were just average.
Rated Daytime drinking on a warm sunday afternoon is always a good idea. If this thought inspires you, head out to TLD between 12 -4 for a sunday brunch. It's crazy! They have various set menus to order from with or without alcohol. It's not exactly cheap but if you plan on binge drinking then it might just be. The crowd is crazy, by 2pm it gets very full so if you want a table you have to come in on time. They even have karaoke so by 3-4 there are far too many drunk people singing out of tune. The only grouse in all of this is the service. After a while when the crowd starts filling in, it becomes impossible for the waiters to keep a tab on the drinks and who ordered what. We had our entire order messed up and things coming in after an hour. Also the food sucked, but I blame that more on the bad order management than the cooking. With so many orders and blunders i guess they started resorting to making whatever comes their way. It's a mad sunday afternoon!
Rated Had been der for breakfast buffet,highly dissapointin,very limited menu,i was wondering why rotis n biryani was on buffet for breakfast???had ordered masala omlate from live counter which never reached me inspite of reminder...bad experience overall.not recomonded
Rated Looks like a pretentious place with random people who pretend to be all sophisticated. We ended coming here by fluke just to pass a few minutes and utterly disappointed with the decision. Wastage of a great property I feel
Rated The food was satisfactory . Nothing very different from the usual pan- Asian dishes . Was very unhappy with the service and promptness of the staff . Very slow service
Rated A place with live music and relaxed ambience. The service was so slow as it took them half an hour to find us a table in an empty bar. It seemed as if the staff was too busy doin nothing. Even our order took more than 45 mins. We ordered a cocktail and a veg sushi. The cocktail was average nothing great to boast of. The veg sushi was good. As we wer hungry we ordered an Italian burger which was the biggest disappointment of d night. The burger bun was very hard and was a total disaster. Having had enough of bad experience we checked out to fufill our hunger pangs elsewhere.
Rated It bothers me when you call a place at 11:40am, and they respond with "We open at 12" It bothers me a little bit more when you politely ask if they can take down your order now since it's 20 minutes away and they can process it at 12, and they respond with "No, you need to call back at 12" It bothers me a lot when I do call back at 12 and they tell me what I was calling for is not available (Burgers)... Could have saved 20 minutes of my time heading into Lunch, but I guess that's not their problem.
Rated Known for their gyro's they serve huge, messy and absolutely delicious portions. No this is not a place for a first date unless you want to be seen licking that dripping sauce and gobbling up on the yum filling. Would pick this over Carter blue any day.
Rated This is my ALL-TIME favourite place. Literally. The souvlaki, Veg Gyros (extra feta cheese and garlic mayo) are to die for. Ever since I visited Greece in 2013, I had been looking for places that would serve the same street side souvlaki I had in Santorini and the exactly after two months I discovered this place.
Rated Wish I could rate a -1 😈 for this sorry excuse of an Eatery. Unkempt... Lacks ventilation... Place smelt like burnt toast more like charred honestly. Staff is too busy ogling at women than doing their job. Coffee was poor for lack of a better word which we ended up making it a To go cup as experience was stifling and skipped dessert altogether. This place is a namesake compared to it's bandra sister concern. Avoid!!!
Rated Burger King is just a brand name, nothing else.. I had big hopes from them but disappointed.. Really bad.. They serve big buns and and small tiny patties in them... Even the cheese they give for which they charge huge extra amount, is bad.. It's cold and dry put into an already made burger, just reopen the burger, put the cheese and repack it.. The place is very clean but service is as staple for BK, is bad...
Rated overhyped. Like what the hell. :-\ and the indoor seating set up is just not working out. And the worst portion sizes in the history of serving portion size and charging that kind of money. Just because it's in town does not mean it can fool people :-|
Rated The only thing good about the place is the music and the sorta hot co-owner who was a model or acted in ads. The food is terrible though. We ordered the Mexican Fiesta Bowl, which honestly was leftover vegetable pulav that smelled odd and it had "sour cream" (Basically Raita. Who they tryna fool? I know what sour cream tastes like) . The Pancho's Punch Salad sure punched my teeth in as the chicken in it was TOUGHER than my P.E coach in school. Please avoid this mirage of a cool eatery. Guess they're fond of corn as they overdid it in both the dishes. Thank God we didn't order more! I question the credibility of the people who gave the damn place anything more than 3.5. They're either food blogger sell outs or people with just bad taste. UPDATE: Both my friend and I, got stomach aches and the runs later.
Rated By far the worst place I've been to for Mexican food. This place was very disappointing due to several reasons. Mainly due to it being infested with mosquitos! Because of that we had to change our table and go outside! The service here is pathetic as well. The waiter is really dumb and slow for everything. He took like 10 minutes to get us our bottle of water. After waiting for 25 minutes, he tells us the loaded nachos with guacamole will take few minutes extra as the nachos was over and they had to go get some from outside. Can you believe it?! Also called for an adobo mushroom burrito, which was nothing great. Even the chicken quesadillas with cheese was not good at all. Though the place was pretty much empty I have no idea why they took so long to get the food, that to horrible food. I guess only the place is done up decently. Even when we paid our bill he took like 10 minutes to get the change. I don't understand how this place has got an overall rating of 4.0! I am never ever going to this place ever again even if I'm dying of hunger!
Rated Uba tuba gave me the most disappointing visit in bandra after a really long time.I have no words to express how bad my experience was here !! Being a sunday this place was empty and me and my ladylove were really hungry so we decided to eat here thinking we might get the food fast but it was all in vain. After 25 minutes of us waiting they told us that the nachos were not in stock and they had called it from outside (pathetic). Another turn off are the mosquitos which bit us so much that we had to change our seating and go outside ! Not much has been done to take care of these flying creatures!! The waiter took 10 minutes to give us a bottle of water. We ordered for overloaded nachos with extra guacamole which was fairly good and tasted better due to our hunger !! The adobo mushroom burrito was average while the adobo chicken quesadilla was really bad except for the cheese in it!! The chicken didnt taste mexican at all !! Ambience is good but they really need to do something about their staff and service because its in negative points. And to top it all we badly wanted to leave from there but again our coolio waiter took 10 mts to get the change back. This was the first and last time i came here and am in no mood to visit this so called mexican outlet again !!
Rated Best Frankies I ever had in Mumbai, If I am in Lokhandwala I make sure that I should not miss the Franky of Breadkraft. My favourite picks are Veg Manchurian, Paneer Manchurian, Paneer Chilly , Cheese Paneer, Veg Schezuan Cheese etc. Just have one franky & you are done. Must try place.
Rated The place and it's offerings does full justice to the name - Guilt Trip! With a plethora of desserts, pastries and indulgences, this is the perfect place to end any friends outing, family dinner or date. The ambience is quite good with an open place outside this desserts shop. It is not very crowded also, so that gives an extra point to ambience. Chocolate hazelnut, chocolate ganache, rainbow, fererro mousse, lemon cheesecake, Croissants, just try anything and you won't be complaining for sure!
Rated Yummy variety of cupcakes!! Mind blowing experience ....developed a food crush for red velvet cheese cake after this trip. Awesome dessert droll !! PHD's tip : don't be guilty at all to voyeur into this trip...thou shall never regret!!
Rated Came here with friends for lunch. So bad, it makes me never want to eat shawarma, ever again. I ordered an oriental chicken shawarma, received it within 10 minutes, cold as ice though. Asked them why it was cold, the cashier said "sir voh sauce thanda hota hain toh thoda thanda hota hi hain shawarma" and my friends received their shawarmas in another 10 minutes and it was hot even though they put their 'cold sauces'. I wouldn't ever want to come back here. I would recommend even you don't. Please.
Rated Delivery order for club sandwich , spicy chicken shawarma and chicken greek salad. Greek salad should have shredded chicken however it had shawarma chicken. It ruined the taste of salad. Chicken shawarma pita was ok but not spicy as we asked for. Shawarma had very less quantity of chicken in it which is ok coz cost of shawarma is also not much. Club sandwich was ok.
Rated This place has added a new aspect to ice-creams – surprising our taste buds with customised make yourself flavours. Plus, it’s not only a ice-cream parlour, it’s a dessert parlour cum small eateries with choice of waffles, sandwiches, Churros & salad. But the mainstay is their Stone Cold Ice Creams and other scrumptious desserts – pancakes, churros & waffles. ... Read full post on travellersdeliciouslife.blogspot.com
Rated Summer has set in with the heat, sweat and thirst for something cold. So Lets do the Hokey Pokey.... Well known for there signature stone creations Hokey Pokey store at Carters is appealing and inviting from outside. In 2014 I had the opportunity to savour 30 ice cream creations in a month... Yes I repeat 30 ice creams one for each day of the month. I have watched it being prepared on that icy slab and beaten brown and yummy with all those topping and combinations and turned into a piece of Art. However my computer crashed and all those pictures I had taken have gone now. Double Chocolate, very Very berry, minty chocolate have been my favourites. Love they way they serve it up in a waffle cup. They have regular flavours too. A must have is the delicious kaju-gulkand flavor. anahitairani200.wordpress.com
Rated The original idea is always cold stone as the outlet is nicely designed and hygiene at its best; copy this and you have hokey pokey; flavors gone for a toss, too much of sugary syrup being loaded in already sweet ice cream; i think its time one should balance this out and worse part in case you do it the outlet is in hand of bunch of new gen. crowd who does not care about customers all they want is to shove the ice cream as in this crazy nation wherein population drives the demand; as next order is always waiting Btw ordered apple base ice cream and was surprised to see that the last broken waffle cone was crushed to make the best use of ingredient with loads of apples dipped in sugary syrup. One word - Reevaluate.
Rated A must visit. Difficult to locate at first but overall a great experience. We got to try the blueberry cheesecake jar, the lemon meringue waffles, chicken sandwich, corn and cheese sandwich, potato wedges and the pink velvet cupcake. Every item made us crave for more. We wanted to try out each and every item they offered. A must visit.
Rated Ahhh wt to say after reading so many gud reviews n seeing da cake pics me n my guy wer really tempted and decided to order frm hre n ordered fr our anniversary cake..attaching da cake pic Bt guess wt after cutting I jst had a bite and omg it was yuckkkkk....horrible..it was hard nt fresh at all n on top of that sum dust or something was thr on d whole cake n d taste sucks we had call thm n returned immediately in d night..my whole anniversary was spoiled. I got my refund back Bt they r really unprofessional they cud Hv arranged fr another cake Nxt day frm thr side wit a apology note Bt they didn't..... So ppl don't go by the looks n be very careful n choosy...my anniversary was spoilt and i knw hw it feels n I don't want tat to happen with anyone..it really hurts.
Rated Been to love and cheesecake before but not this outlet. Ordered Philadelphia cheesecake, tiramisu, Belgian chocolate cheesecake and Belgian bomb. The tiramisu cheesecake is for coffee lovers. Belgian bomb and Belgian cheesecake for dark chocolate lovers. The difference between Belgian cheesecake and bomb is only the size and the hard chocolate around the Belgian bomb nothing else. Didn't try the Philadelphia cheesecake coz not a fan of plain cheesecake but my friend liked it so it might be good. 😋 It was value for money much cheaper than what I had before at the lokhandwala .The only problem was the seating.
Rated Late Night Icecream Cravings when in Bandra, Came to this place :) There were only 6 flavors out of which only 1 was chocolate so I went for it. Had the Medium Belgian Chocolate Icecream with Oreo Base and Strawberry, Kiwi and chocolate chunks as toppings. It was yummy but super expensive. The icecream was 200/- Each topping was somewhat 60/- Total was 420. Which is costly according the Size of the icecream 😮
Rated Set among the plethora of cafes and eateries off Bandra's Carter Road, Yogurtbay is just a tiny nook. In fact, I doubt two customers could enter the place at once. Thankfully, the place was empty of any customers when I walked by. Except for a punk rocker enjoying his yogurt who then turned out to be the guy running the place. Yogurtbay has three soft serve machines churning out frozen yogurt and a few dozen toppings on the counter (fruits, nuts, chocolates, everything under the sun). I got confused by the options and asked the guy to suggest. Which was a good thing because his bestselling topping was hidden under the counter. So the little tub I got is called frozen blueberry cheesecake. First he put some cake crumbs in the tub. Then a rather large serving of blueberry frozen yogurt, a topping of canned blueberries and finally some more cake crumbs for a truly delicious treat. bombayfoodie.com
Rated After having a sugary round at their neighbor place thought of trying this outlet with Strawberry flavor (just reviewed one); excessed an option for more topping for which they charges 45 per topping; no issues but half of spoon of each on topping and that too in overflowing cup (complete rip off); and above all the person wiped this with it so called plastic glove and started serving next.....ugggh....one spoon and the cream was given to needy on the doorsteps Grow up team seems like we have a long wait to have a good ice-cream outlet
Rated The once fantastic restaurant is now just average, over priced food. Used to like visiting Nom Nom earlier. However yesterday had a terrible experience. The service was painfully slow, the food was pathetic. There are so many better options available in this price range! Avoid this place for any disappointment.
Rated Worst Chinese food on the planet with horrible service. Can't explain the pathetic experience we had a couple of days back. They don't care for their guests
Rated Stomach is a poorly maintained place, So expectations of hygiene will disappoint you. My friends and I dined in the AC section..where the AC barely worked. They are severely short staffed and the service is extremely slow. We were left waiting for more than 45 minutes for our order and the waiters were deaf to our complaints. The prices of cold drinks in the menu are misleading which when pointed out by us, lead to the amount for complementary schezwan sauce add to the bill. Also the waiters will be happy to cancel your orders without any remorse after they've not brought it out for an hour after you placed the order. So overall, it's a dirty place, with rude staff, decent food which does not make up for the otherwise pathetic service. I personally plan to never visit it again. It also rate it less than 1 if that was possible.
Rated One of the most kickass and happening places to be on a Friday, Saturday & Sunday! Finally got a good place to chill out at in Bandra. Oh, and the Burgers are to die for!
Rated Totally biased managers. Initially told to wait 5-10 mins and kept us on hold allowing other 'cooler' public to enter. We even asked that the open sitting area is fine for us. Later after holding us for around 45 mins manager comes and says with lot of attitude that as we wanted only air conditioning he didnt give the seat to us. Never seen such bad attitude from managers. Horrible experience.
Rated First of all, a very very difficult place to find between the club. No branding outside, people might save much time if there's a branding outside on the road. Food quality is average. Called for Paneer Pasanda, Roti and Baked Spaghetti. Overall the place and environment is quite noisy. Can visit once in a while. Not too recommended.
Rated The first thing that happens when i seat myself on a 6 seater table is, the staff asks me how many people would be coming since you are currently only two. I tell him 6, and all would join in within 10-15 minutes. He says- "ok, time starts". After 10 minutes by the watch he comes and tells us your friends haven't reached yet and I tell him that yes they are on their way, plus I don't see many tables occupied anyways in the restaurant, you would have to trust us. He says, " but I can't stop the phones from ringing." After 3 more of my friends arrive and we are chatting while deciding what to eat, rhe staff member comes again and says, "what are you waiting for to place your order? Christmas?" After 5 minutes while we are still waiting for our sixth friend to arrive who is stuck in traffic, the same staff comes again and remarks- "how many people did you say were coming?" Heights of disrespecting the customers. @Staff of PJ's - please understand, as customers we pay not just for the food, but for the experience. I wouldn't take away the rating of the food from you though. Highly unsatisfied and unpleasant experience.
Rated Nostalgia is just an underrated word when it comes to PJ's. Lots and lots of good time spent and memories cherished at this place. Be it bday parties or first salary party, or college farewell parties, pj's has always been the preferred Choice. Food is decent and the alcohol is Damn cheap. You just have to pay some 50-100 Rs entry fee and that's it. On weekends it gets a bit difficult to get a table here. My suggestion would be to reach here at around 7.30 PM, chill relax a bit, have your drinks and some starters, set the mood and later head off to party the Bandra way. Service was a bit slow earlier but now they have significantly improved. Guys keep in mind one thing before visiting this place. They follow strict dressing code policy. You have to wear shoes and full pants for getting an entry inside. Damage done: no damage essentially, just good decently priced food and drinks and a whole lot of fun.
Rated So the other day I pland to go here with few frnds f mine I didn't really like the place too much of loud music it was annoying caffe terra was kk nt gr8 Nt bad average food was horrible I had ordered 4 5 things didn't like any of the stuff Tht I had orderd over all a very very very poor experience Nt worth the money Tht I spent ..
Rated I was really disappointed with this place. The food was really bad. The pasta which we ordered was tasteless and the pizza had too much pepper in it. The furniture at this place is all old and worn out. The place is not at all maintained. The service was very slow. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
Rated I had ordered for Small portion of Salad with Chicken and a certain kind of sauce. The sauce and chicken were clearly not sufficient for the quantity of the salad. Next up I had ordered for Chicken Quesadillas with Garlic Bread. The Garlic Bread was not delivered, and the Quesadillas were bland and cold and not crunchy by the time we put it in our mouth. Lastly, the Pasta. It was undercooked, no salt, and very thick. Utterly saddening experience. Not recommended. Poor standard of food.
Rated Eating and ordering a pasta over here was a pain in the evening. There were only 2 other tables occupied, however, the staff was incompetent and had no idea how they made us wait 40 mins for it. Sometimes it's worth waiting for good food, but out of 4 pastas ordered, 1 was not eatable, 2 were barely eatable, and the last one was eaten by 4 of us, and we're still dissappointed. Not going here again!
Rated On a very lazy Saturday afternoon, I was invited for a tasting session at this little eatery in the by-lanes of Pali Hill. There is just an an outside seating area with a live kitchen where they cook with fresh ingredients. So, there were 5 of us and we decided to sample a few coolers and brunch items. Hits aka Highly recommended: Cold Coffee Mint Mojito Litchi Mojito Blackcurrant Mojito Lemon Ice Tea Masala Omelette Paneer Bhurji in a pav Chilli Cheese scrambled eggs Chicken Bruschetta Veg Bruchetta All Spice baked mushroom Misses: Kiwi Mojito Peanut Butter toast We ordered a spaghetti in classic tomato. It was extremely unappetizing and had way too much garlic. The best pat about this eatery is that it is very decently priced. So make sure you visit the place ASAP. :)
Rated I ordered soup which was not at all spicy, i orderd crispy chicken which was way toooo salty that we had to leave it, then finally we ordered thai green curry which was not at all spicy and was way toooooo sweet , nd one of the disappointing thing was they dont serve wine ... I would want mr.ashish the owner to try all these things an post a review of there restaurant. I regret giving a miss call on the number mention for the vote ..!!
Rated I don't usually go veg but my daddy is a very disciplined , health conscious person so he would often take me here. When multiplexes weren't around and centre one was the only one in Vashi, we had theatres running successfully in Vashi which is close to Navaratna. Post film,we would often come here. I had my best of Pav Bhajis, Chole batoras, Idlis and yummy dosas out here. The sabzis were never bland. I would insist on getting fruit juices too. We were always full and getting up would be so damn difficult. Navratna is always filled with people. Getting a seat is a big deal. Very crowded area it is. Once you manage a seat, you are sure to have best of your times.😊
Rated Rate : 5 on 5 for food, hygiene, ambience, service and every other thing. Your small tiny mouth falls too short for the huge wide burgers!! Too luscious in taste with its creamy tangy sauces, with its mouth melting patty and Crispy potato Fries, which will keep no space in your teeny-weeny stomach ;) Had See-ra-cha burger before, so thought of trying something new. Came upon with, Chicken Cheese burger and Shrooms Melt. I, being a non vegetarian, find Vegetarian burgers too boring to have but this place completely changed my mind!! Shrooms Melt is such a mouth-watering burger with mushrooms all over and tasted more yum than any Chicken burger! It's a Must have BURGER!! What to say about the proportions ! It's too hard to even complete one entire burger ! Love this place. Keep it up ;)
Rated Right next to the Inorbit Mall, Vashi. Ain't that hard to find the place. Not really a salad person hence we straight away ordered Chicken in Herb Sauce and Oreo Shake. The dish is a combination of rice in cream sauce and mashed potato. The experimental dish is probably one of the reason why I won't mind visiting this place again and again. The Oreo Shake wasn't bad either. Not much to say on the ambiance but I like the seating and the posters on the wall. Thumbs up for good food and the staff
Rated Pizza Hut as a chain has has gone down not just in service but also in taste. The staff is so ignorant that even after telling him to clean the table twice he turns up after 2 mins and service is very poor they just keep the plates and cutlery at the side of the table and not even bothered to have a look that the plates are more than number of guests. The service was always slow but now the scenario is hardly any services the standards are just going worst every-time you visit. Had ordered for Garlic bread exotica and Exotica Pizza taste wise both were okay nothing great. Disappointed and dissatisfied from Pizza Hut as a chain completely.
Rated Village has always been a place where you get a plethora of vegetation food from starters to main course to dessert course, (though many of the dishes have always been run-of-the-mill) fun with foot tapping folk and contemporary music, good hospitality filled with village themed counters and decor. They also have recently started serving Non-Veg in their desserts section and dessert section is moved/accommodated in the starters section. In the course of my three recent visits, I have observed the taste of food is diminishing from mediocre to bad, not even a single dish stands out. For instance, sabzis had excessive amount of spices, the buttermilk was overly diluted, , Moong Daal halwa was ruined by overcooking etc. And finally on a very serious note, I noticed that one of the staff members was putting the remainder starters (The left-overs from people's plate, even dipped in sauces and chutneys) in the bowl of freshly made starters. We understand that food must never be wasted but this not at all is the professional way of service and hospitality. Highly disappointed. Not recommended PS: They also have increased the prices.
Rated Not only did i find the lack of light in a dining place unappealing, I did not enjoy their croques suzette as well. Ordered for the peanut butter shake, that was also too too bitter! Overall, a pricey meal which I just did not enjoy!
Rated After numerous failed plans i finally managed to catch up with an old friend cum ex colleague. Of course we have moved up the corporate ladder, the bickering still continues. Hence the place had to be not really noisy. So we settled for this place. The terrace view of 8th floor and an open seating is a good setting as its quite uncommon for this city, the place was filled with boisterous teenagers, crooning and swaying to 'Afghan Jalebi', as it had a party section also! We were famished so quickly settled for the starters that the server suggested. Chicken filled with cheese was good. For the maincourse, after a lot of brainstorming and few rounds of beer, we settled for chicken bhuna and plain roti and that too didnt disappoint! For the service, it was friendly and unintrusive. For the setting, it was unique and tastefully done. Though the chairs were a bit uncomfortable, which we mentioned in the feedback also!
Rated Very bad.... we went in and it was empty as drat... staff too ignorant.... we had to storm out n try sm odr place... so we went next door to 3 wise monkeys. Wait up for the review. Light House Cafe... SHAME ON YOU GUYS
Rated Visited this place for a family function . Cockroachs near food counter . Stone in food . Unbelievable and unimaginable. I pointed out the Cockroach to the cook and I was shocked with his reaction " THERE WAS NO REACTION" I have never seen this kind of callous behaviour of any person ever . Even a round side joint would react with more common sense. Then the Manager was summoned and he shoved the Cockroach with his hand so the Cockroach disappeared on the floor, sure to resurface again . People beware and eat food here at your own risk . Food Inspectors should visit this place with open eyes. Half hour after my review on Zomato the said cook meets me in the lobby whilst I am leaving the premises and he threatened me and dared me to write such a review. People had to intervene and take him away. He was certainly an evening and function spoiler . Some advised me to file a police complaint. I left the place very very disappointed.
Rated This place has a really good ambience but the food is not worth. I don't know about the non vegetarians but for vegetarians, it is simply a waste. We ordered cheesy fries, berry pulao and okra which were the recommended ones but that was the worst food I had. Also the quantity of the drink was less and all the items are overpriced. Never had such a bad rice for 450 bucks. I don't know how did it get the popularity but I'm never gonna visit or recommend anyone.
Rated I was told that the food here is amazing beyond par so we decided to go here for dinner one night. Our mistake? We picked a Friday night. The place was PACKED to say the least. There was barely any leg space and we ended up encroaching on someone else's table to just get a place to stand. They have an in-house special cocktail called Saat Rasta. Disclaimer: it's not for the weak hearted. It's not a very big place but it does really well for itself given the kind of crowd that was willing to stand through the hours just to be there. For a place so happening, it's a shame that they have to shut it at 1 am by hook or by crook. Definitely coming back for more
Rated Gokul is the iconic booze restaurant next to Bademiyaan. So many memories come back to me when I think about Gokul. If you want to do a night out, follow this sequence of order: Eat at any restaurant in Colaba (Bademiyaan is preferred), have some cheap liquor in Gokul and go crazy the whole night! Ambiance is pretty dark and has congested seating. The food/chakhna is good alongwith the actual reason why you would visit Gokul!
Rated Bisleri was more chilled,then the beer. One rude waiter. Do not order egg dishes.Too much of diluted beer.May be a bad day for them.Not sure i would visit them again.
Rated This outlet doesn't even stand close to the one which is in Thane. Disgusting service. First off, we opted for the noon buffet. Absolutely no choice if you are a vegetarian. It sometimes feels to be a sinner of the top order if you are a vegetarian. Why can't there be any desserts that are eggless? There were 2-3 different types of cake but not eggless. Hardly 3-4 dishes to eat for vegetarians. Pastas took 30-40 minutes to reach us. No veg/non-veg symbols on the food nameplate to distinguish. We were at the mercy of the representatives. The other crazy thing was, I asked on of them for a bowl so that I could serve myself some custard, and he said sir, you have to take the custard in the plate only! Who the fuck in the world eats custard over a plate. The reply was really shocking. Disastrous service and equally disastrous captains. Never going to this place again and never gonna recommend it to anyone! Really bad! I've never had to rate any eatery this bad. This is my first time. Thanks for that.
Rated True tramm Trunk is a junk !! These guys don't know how to behave... Can someone please explain that how can you share a table when you are out to chill with your friends.. Empty tables and you don't get them caz they are reserved, FYI when you call them they take no reservations however... 😤😏
Rated This is my first visit to united sports grill in Thane. Positive points are location, ambience, price. Negative points are slow service, bad food quality. I don't know if I visited this on a bad day. Chicken dish we ordered was not cooked properly it seems. Both of us had stomach upset next day. Hoping management will be cautious in quality.
Rated Had been hear to try their buffet lunch but as soon as entered the place I was told buffet ended and then thought to try something else but waited for almost 10-15min but no one came to take order so just left the place worthless service
Rated Vey bad. Was highly disappointed with the taste. Mutton rogen gosh tasted like tomato curry. The kabab was half cooked. Naan was thick n raw while eating. Tho only thing that was good was the packaging of the food. Plz don't waste your money by going or ordering food from this place. Horrible service by the delivery team. They missed out sending something we ordered, even after calling them and they agreeing to send the food no one turned up with the remaining stuff. My bill amount was 2600 and the entire amount went waste.
Rated Though I have never been to this restaurant but have ordered several times from here and when am confused I simply call here for a salad and chicken dish.The chicken dishes are always juicy and succulent specially the Indian stuff.
Rated So twenty of us visited this place on my birthday and had an absolutely awful experience. The place had Bollywood Karaoke that particular and hence was preferred over many other options. To our disappointment, they chose to play songs that they wanted despite our numerous requests and only five other guests apart from the twenty of us. The manager was rude and inhospitable. Food is undoubtedly good but the behaviour of the staff made the experience so unpleasant that we had to go somewhere else.
Rated Don't know what time it was n what made me thought to give it a try for nothing but chicken..... the most regreting decision of today's eveing... was gone to goregaon and while returning thought to have some chicken burger, so thought to go for chicken pow at NBC... Shop was empty... chicken stuff was lying in .... I ordered for chicken salad pow ... I was given option to choose the salad... I opt for tandoori salad of orange color... I have never been to NBC before... The chicken pow was hot from outside and cold from inside ... I was absolutely feeling disgusted after having the very first bite of that chicken pow.... how any one can make such a pathetic stuff... I seriously wonder how you guys are still surviving... I'm not much a fan of MC Donadlas burger but after having chicken pow at NBC I 'll surely give 10/10 for any stuff sold out in MC'Ds.. Not visiting again ever in life... totally waste of 85 bucks... Nit worth it ...
Rated Sorry guys I by mistake gave my opinion about the Carter road place which I haven't tried it. This place is basically for frozen meat,which can be cook at home. But what attracts about this place is Chicken Vada Pav. Now when I heard Chicken Vada Pav without giving a second thought I visit this place. I tried the grill chicken Vada Pav with chilly sauce and white sauce bit of mayo..it was yumm..wow is the word for it. Now coming to the bad part most things are not available to eat..and there is no proper seating arrangement. But chicken Vada Pav is a must try !!
Rated Pathetic food. Chicken chives dimsums were good. But the rest of it, chicken chilly, burnt garlic rice, general tao chicken all bad taste. Even I got upset stomach that night. Didn't expect after reading such good reviews on zomato
Rated Delivered on time. General tao's chicken is nice. Dimsums were very good. Do not try jiangs chilli chicken. It was pathetic ...did not taste any chilly in it and was served with little gravy. Confused people.
Rated Like the stuff they sell here, but regarding ordering your food staff lacks attention, you might be first in the line to be served but unfortunately they will serve you last, because they will forget your order unless you remind them again.
Rated Located near Goregaon station, very difficult to find. Went on Sunday, too much rush, waited for like half an hour, even after that had to share a table with someone else. The food makes up for all these shortcomings. If you're craving for malvan style sea food, this is the place to be!
Rated As a name that is considered as one of the best for Mughlai in Mumbai, sadly, this is another one of those that has degraded itself over the years, and the restaurant by itself, deserves a rating of 3, but then, there’s a twist to this tale. ... Read full post on settledtraveller.com
Rated Been here once for friend's treat. First of all their seating arrangements are not comfortable (or maybe we got the wrong table). Ambience is okay. Service was quick enough on a crowded day. Coming to the food, their mocktails didn't impressed much. Their galouti kabab was the worst i've ever tasted. Zaffrani murgh tikka was good, infact it was the highlight of the dinner. Worst part of the dinner was the main course as there was too much soda in butter chicken and the sabzi we ordered. Also the worst naan one could ever have. Maybe it was our bad luck that we had such bad experience or we ordered the wrong dishes here? Well, not sure whether I'll visit here again any soon. If i do then it won't be my treat. 😜
Rated I came through this place by seeing the images n reviews on zomato, bt the experience here was very bad there was waiting for almost 1 hr for the outside seating, so v thought of seating in the Ac which was empty bt there were no staff to entertain us, they were least concerned! Maybe it was Sunday that would be one of the reasons, there was no coordination between the staff, v waited almost for half an hour just for him to bring the menu, n den again waited for the waiter to take our order, v had to get up n call the staff for each n every thing, the tables were also not clean, plus there were no forks n spoons on the table v had to wait for that also till he got them, after the starters v had to again wait for almost an hour for the main course to arrive! No doubt the food was tasty, bt the service is the first thing which is considered n the restaurant is judged n rated by the service which is provided! Every customer had complaints! 👎Never gonna visit this restaurant.
Rated The food was okay. The service was quite slow. As we asked the servant he told that if you sit inside the restaurant you will get quicker service rather than sitting here you might have sat there. These words brought us in anger. Everything we preserves came after 1/2 hr. We went on Sunday evening. A place not to be visited again. 😑😑
Rated i am giving one because it's the lowest I can give!! The delivery Guy never reached even after my 6 Futile calls to the restaurant and a 90 minutes long wait. It states that they deliver in 60 minutes but sometimes they don't deliver at all. Beware
Rated Located in the Nh8 highway this place is similar to all the other normal dhabas. We visited this place as a part of birthday bash. The staff here is friendly. The service is slow. Music was awful. Flies here were a major issue. Veg starters were satisfactory. Paneer butter masala was good . overall its a average place to visit.
Rated Worth each calorie. Visiting this place is a sin you would want to do continually. Their mango cake is so god damn awesome, it makes me crave the entire year. A slice costs oddly around 100 but it's equivalent to half a meal!!
Rated Had ordered death by chocolate and Dutch truffle pastry last night. Went purely by the ratings and had huge expectations from La Braco but unfortunately the stuffs didn't meet my expectations. Found the pastries very average since I was expecting them to be exceptional.Sneha.shetty400
Rated Worst experience ever. Ordered at 11pm, most items were out of stock and we ended up getting chocolate truffle and mud pie. The cakes seem to have been at least 3 days old - hard rubbery and crumbly. Absolutely pathetic and disappointing. If you can't make a customer's order, just refuse it - why cause such ever lasting damage to your brand?
Rated In Bombay and here I am at a food institution that throws all logic of... "How did we survive since 1913.." to the winds. In reality you do feel awed about the fact that this place has been around way before you were born or were even intended to be born. The nostalgia of a time gone by literally screams at you. Prices are extremely affordable..rather cheap and unfortunately the quality of service hovers around that too. Don't be startled if the house cats wander into the restaurant and brush against your leg. Unaware lady guests normally end up, jumping up in alarm. A noisy bustling, no-nonsense place where the patriarch just sits at the cash register, totally unfriendly, guttural and very evident that he does not need your money and that his staff is there to be yelled at and constantly reprimanded. Politeness?? What is that?? But then again the the place is an iconic institution and you have to accept the fact that the management is trapped in this time capsule called 'colonialism'... Don't forget to gorge on the 'mawa cakes and chai'... the price is a steal! I usually gauge my food-jaunts into the following categories and then note them based on a maximum of 5.0 points: 1. Ambience [decor, acoustic and overall eye-worthiness] 2.0 2. Menu Choice and Variety 5.0 3. Staff Friendliness 2.0 4. Hygiene 2.0 5. Value for Money 5.0 6. Portion size 3.5 7. Parking 0.0 [General roadside parking, not to be attributed to the promoters of the restaurant please... please] 8. Taste 4.0 9. Music 0.0 [none... ] 10. Feel-good high on leaving 3.0
Rated We were looking for a place for breakfast and reached here somehow, the place was full on Sunday morning, but we got our seats after some time. The waiter ruined the morning for us, he was very rude, and he was talking like he is "The Boss" there and he does not need any customer there. He said, just order whatever I am telling you else you won't get anything. (That too very rudely) :'D so we ordered veg patties, custard and Irani tea and made our way towards home. :D So, overall a bad and kind of funny experience there, food was also average there, except for custard which was very good.
Rated Located on Film City Rd; you cant happen to miss sighting this place. The cake and food taste is regular however the fact that its open till wee hours make it our choice for any urgent cake/food requirements.
Rated Average food . Sweets areee really bad though dont even try it .... Though service is also bit late .. They take mostly 1 hour for food delivery also .
Rated My experience with bindaas binge turned out to be a very bad experience of ordering cake . The story is that I had ordered a freshly baked cake on a special occasion and had stated the delivery time of the order to be delivered. When the day arrived for the cake to be delivered I had to remind them of my order and the person who had taken the order was not aware of the estimated time of the order to be delivered and was in a view of an evening slot for delivery inspite of mentioning the time for the cake And the end result was that the cake was stale.The cake being freshly made was guaranteed to me by the person who had taken my order It was really upsetting to see a not freshly baked cake
Rated This little place has too much to offer. From pastries to cakes to snacks everything is delicious here. You will find it little overpriced as compared to monginis and ribbons and balloons but there is no compromise on the quality. Also try the franky stall here.
Rated Ordered Smoked/BBQ/ Harrisa chicken sandwiches 1 choco brownie, red velvet pastry and dutch truffle. Plus points: Good packaging, Sandwiches were filling, juicy and lipsmaking. The quantity was huge. Flaws: the size of the pastry and brownies were ridiculously small. Reminded me of expensive restaurants that serve a quarter portion on wide plate.
Rated A big fan of Theobroma across the city, I dropped in to the BKC outlet for a quick bite during lunch the other day. And was disappointed. First of all, the place was crowed as it was the main office lunch break time and I was trying to spot a place to sit. No help from your waiters. Then, when i found a place, i had to wait at least 20mins before somebody took my order -a simple sandwich that took again some time to get to my table. The sandwich was too hard to cut with the knife and to big/too much mayonnaise on it to be eaten with hands. So I somehow managed a combination of both... until half of my sandwich landed on the floor (my miserable attempt to cut off a piece with the knife). Again, nobody seemed to be bothered. I paid and left disappointed (and hungry). gwendaglocalista.com
Rated A one off visit in 2014 Another ice creamery Oh sorry ..gelato Italiano style. This was with my team following our lunch @ Bombay Blue ( refer review). Standard flavours like everywhere else, the difference being the texture & smoothness of the cream & the flavour you have then defines your experience. Pricing as ever I complain or rant about. Why does gelato in India have to make itself more expensive? if you need millions of Indians to switch from their Amul, Vadillal, Baskin Robbins or Dinshaws... Make it reasonable to have .. !!!!
Rated Have picked up sushi from here and not too bad. Tried to order delivery today and they said delivery time is 1hr 45mins!! Why do these guys bother with "delivery service".
Rated Housed within the uber cool Foodhall in Palladium, sushi is part of the strange mix of stuff that's available at the in-store cafe, in case hunger pangs strike while you are indulging in some foodie retail therapy. Priced at 400/- for 8 pieces of non-veg sushi, you will not get freshly made sushi and will be directed to pick up boxes from the retail section of the store - definitely not the best way to consume sushi. Also choice is very limited with just 3 basic options - tuna, salmon and crab stick. Try only if Sushi levels in the body fall to below critical and you have no way to access it elsewhere !
Rated Ramnath is a small udipi snacks place in colaba and thats it! The food is just ok..the quantity is worse. (Order for a plate of upma and youll know what i mean). Paying INR 25 for a single medu vada is not VFM.
Rated Visited this place after hearing such good reviews about it but I am really sorry to say that it was a huge disappointment, didn't considered such a bad quality & worse taste food from such a old restaurant which carries it's legacy from so many years. I visited the place around 10 and maximum of its dishes were finished ( I don't know why do they keep such a tempting menu when they can't offer all), then started by ordering one chicken & mutton dish, the chicken kadai dish was not well cooked and the gravy taste was also too bad, then mutton bhuna came which taste was the best from the dishes I had at that restaurant, then I ordered for some naans and I get a reply that the naan is also finished, after such bad services still I hoped of finding next dish good and ordered mutton roast & mutton biryani which was the biggest mistake I considered as it lead to full waste of a good Sunday dinner meal, the both things literally were too bad, and the best part was he prepared mutton biryani on the spot by taking approx 1/2 an hour and calls it mughlai which mughlai restaurant on earth makes the biryani on the spot and that too in just half an hour and I think I don't need to comment about mutton roast it was that bad. So the experience was literally very bad and I will not even think of going to the place again and will suggest you all not to go there as it will lead to your spoiling of your meal. Kushal Amin Amal Vyas
Rated This is one of the pricey ways to have exclusive views of queen s necklace. No many food options, the view is no doubt the life of this place. If you have extra cash to burn and want to spend one of those momentous occasions you can give it a shot. One time visit
Rated A couple of blocks away from The Taj Mahal hotel lies this beautiful rooftop pub with a full sea facing set up. Summer evenings are when you want to just go up there with your mates and down some beer. The music ain't loud which is a plus because you can maintain that serenity away from the regular crowded city life. Cheers!
Rated After 2 disappointing experiences still mustered courage to go for the third time..which i regret completely..3 points only for d cheese olive naan and paneer kurkure..#off list#
Rated Food is good but the ppl are very rude had asked for home deliver of puri baaji and tea and for pickle which is a small pouch since the baaji is very bland and the person who is taking my order says that we can't give u pickle like this since it doesn't come with it,told him requesting u since its band and he refused my order and banged the ph on me Is this the service u ppl provide sad very sad
Rated We were almost 10 guys and 3 girls.. Worst experience ever in my life...on weekdays they ask for stack entry + after giving entry they said you can not be in you have to pay stack.. Bad management everything bad.. I gave 1 only for the prices of liquor ...
Rated Mumbai creams is an all Veg restaurant with a varied menu consisting of South Indian, Continental and loads of varieties in juices and deserts. Located right opposite to 5 Spice and along the lanes of Mega Mall, this restaurant is hard to miss. The foodie in us got us all curious reading their menu and we couldn’t help trying all that they had best there. There are certain things that you can definitely try here and certain things that you can do without. 1) Special Jinny Dosa – The Jinny Dosas are so called because they’re served vertically and the emerging smoke gives an illusion of an arriving Genie. This dosa is not something you’ll find everywhere and they’d prepared it deliciously along with the chutney and sambhar. ... ... Read full post on tastebuddynotes.wordpress.com
Rated Worst service ever... Most unprofessional people working for this restro, nobody knows wots happening... They cant speak to there customers also properly...some guy name Azad there is the most annoying
Rated One of the best places to visit for good Chinese food.. Prices are reasonable! Noodles, fried rice, Singaporean fried rice, hong kong fried rice... All are good.. Starters are also tasty.. Only one thing that i didn't like is the oyster chicken starter.. It had a foul smell!!
Rated Been here after a long time last night and am sad to say the food wasn't up to the mark. We were in the mood for a large meal and started off with the chicken biryani..though the rice was decently flavoured the chicken had shrunk in size, the innards weren't cleaned and the chicken was skinny! That's all we ordered. Guess the old couple running the place have left the running to their staff and that's never the best route out.
Rated This is the Bhojohori outlet I love. True, the quality of the rice they use has dropped across outlets (including at the awful Powai outlet), but not everybody is particular about these things. The rest of the food here continues to be mostly excellent. I particularly recommend: Bhetki Rongpuri (fish fry) Chicken kobiraji (minced chicken shaped into a cutlet and fried with a thick coating of egg) Koraishutir kochuri and chholar daal. Shukto (mixed vegetables in thin gravy) Mochar ghonto (curried banana flower) Padba machher jhaal (whole pabda in mustard sauce) Bhetki paturi (bhetki fillets marinated in mustard and wrapped in banana leaves) Chicken/mutton dakbunglow Basanti pulao (even though the rice is often of a poor quality these days) Nolen gurer ice-cream Of course, the bhetki pieces in the paturi are very small, but it's still worth a try every now and then. The quality of the ilish depends on the time of the year, and I find it's best not to take a risk. And I stay away from all their desserts except the wonderful ice-cream because I find they're too sweet for my palate. A couple of words here for people not used to Bengali food. The waiters generally give good advice, but they tend to follow the menu closely. But Bengalis often have plain daal and rice with the sort of stuff listed in the menu under "Starters", so if you want to mix and match, go for it. Also, note that both the chholar daal (chana daal) and basanti pulao is sweeter than one would expect in other cuisines. I've had people complain about the sweetness because they thought they were ordering regular daal and pulao. This place is done up very prettily, too, although in a bare-bones old-school Bengali way. There are pictures of Indian musical instruments and the tables are done up on Bengali "kantha" embroidery. The door connecting the place to the next property has the sort of "aalpona" one still sees in some areas of rural Bengal. Service is a bit laid-back, but despite their occasional incompetence, the people mean well. The only problem in this place is their awful bathroom. There's lots of space in front of the restaurant that lies unused, so there's really no excuse for making customers use the narrow, tiny, frequently-smelly, wet-floored little travesty squeezed in between the two kitchen-areas. I once had to use the loo before I ordered, and almost walked out without ordering anything because I couldn't bear the idea of eating food prepared in places next to that cracked-tiles, water-leaking, stained-toilet bowl room. Get on this problem, Bhojohori. Quick!
Rated Pathetic rolls ...and insult to injury is long hair strand.puke. Am not an expert on bengali food but sweet wierd tasting rolls is by any palate not accepted.Have no idea abt authentic kathi rolls but if these are authentic then i swear by our very own tibbs frankie which beats them hands down on their bad day too. No second chance ..getting nausea while writing too...
Rated The place us small. Music was majorly Bollywood. Starters were decent. Service is okay. Staff is a little confused. Overall okay for a one time visit. Wasn't crowded for a weekend when I went there.
Rated No way - this place has bad sound. Bad service. Guests taken for granted. ... Just because we know the staff , does not qualify them to misbehave. We pay right. Ramesh the manager, have known him from many restaurants, , but sorry he does not know how to manage his staff. The bar tenders - an Oriya guy, I respect Odisha , because I have spent 25 formative years of my childhood there. Feel saddened that people from Odisha pick up an attitude and dont respect guests. I told the Bar tender - R. Mohapatro - please take care of the schemes ( you guys dont have time system, so its left upto whims and fancy of the people ) sadly he was so rude, I cannot believe. I told him not to be rude , he could lose his job. He just did not bother, his expression towards me was disgusting. I decided to leave the place instantly. Well, we pay and we leave and decide not to visit such places thanks to the management. Overall - Claustrophobic , average food. If you accept the staff attitude then be my my guest, that can be your dessert. Attitude from staff is free. Overall a bad experience the 3rd time - ( went so many times on a friends request) - Never again
Rated So i went here today, for like evening snacks & was disgusted with the quality of the food they served! I even left a dish untouched after having a bite of it! Firstly, the place was super empty! We started of with ordering Nachos with Cheese Sauce, the nachos was super salty, and the cheese sauce was spoilt. Second i ordered a Basil & Chilli Panner, this was the only thing i liked! Was sweet but had a weird taste to the end so cant recommend this either! Lastly we ordered some Veg Crystal Dim Sums! Worst dimsum ever tasted in my life, it was partially over cooked, tasteless, after a bite i left this dish as it is! Also seems they were low on stock, i asked for a regular pepsi but all they had to offer was a Diet Pepsi. Lastly he got me the wrong bill, he forgot to add an item into it & instead of generating a new bill, just wrote it with pen on the bill below and asked us to pay the new amount! Service is fine, but food is a big thumbs down 👎🏼 This place when it had opened up, had quite a charm to it, seems to have lost it now! Needs urgent quality control on what they serve! Felt sick after seeing those dim sums!
Rated We were expecting to have a good time here so we bought a nearbuy deal for Loco chino.We went there and informed the manager Mr. Sanjay tamboli that we have a deal,he said they would require a hard copy of the voucher.We pointed out that a physical copy of the deal is not mandatory as stated by nearbuy and a voucher code should suffice.but he was adamant and seemed to have an attitude issue.He was being extremely rude. We finally managed to get a printout and hoped that the meal would make up for the bad experience.It started off well with the starters and momos. The lemongrass fish was reallly good to taste so was the dry red chilli chicken. We called for roasted chicken and basil & burnt garlic dimsums,the latter being tastier. We then ordered our WOKS,which are highly customizable right from base to sauce and toppings. I was shocked to see a strand of hair in my wok(pictures attached) .I immediately reported this to the manager who seemed very casual about the incident.He offered me a fresh wok made instead.after about 5 min,i found hair in my husband's wok as well!! i was totally disgusted by now and asked the manager to take everything away.There was no remorse whatsoever. He said he would be happy to offer us a complimentary wok in the future which we declined. The desserts came last,Churros and chocolate nachos which were ok.The Nachos seemed drenched in oil.. Overall a horrible experience as far as hygiene goes,topped with the rude and careless attitude of the manager.
Rated Found the ambience too dark and dull. Menu is same, don't want to mention the dishes as it will match with my other reviews. Service here is slow. Parking available
Rated Disappointed. Heard so much about you guys, and the Arabiata pasta was undercooked. Really?? How can you go wrong with the basis stuff...Never ordering again, and thanks to you guys I have a stomach ache...
Rated Very disappointed, took over and hour to get a salad , ordered online , been enroute for 45 mins . Salad was tasteless . Even with the dressing . Deepesh Agarwal
Rated Some one gifted me two pasta box from the popular "Italy in my Box". I had heard of this place so much that i was really craving to experience this place. I am really sorry to write harsh about a food joint, but i am equally disappointed with this place. I not a chef but as per my understanding Alfredo (white pasta sauce) should be creamy, cheesy, good fragrance of basil and lil garlic. what i received was dry, cheesless wired wild smell of provably oregano and rosemary. and complete tasteless. Infact because of that wild fragrance i couldn't eat it. I hate to disrespect food, but i had to. Somehow next day removed sauce and remake sauce and had to finish one, unfortunately had to throw the other one. Value for money:- No vegges, no olive, no cheese. Paying 200/- only for bow shaped pasta. Lil hi for my pocket. Packaging:- very good, innovate. Only point for that.
Rated The place is quite small. We went for dine in and honestly the expectation were not met. Neither in terms of ambience nor the service. The place was surprisingly empty. Even the food was just okay. It was not bad but it was okay.
Rated I seriously don't understand what the fuss is about. Any foodie with decent culinary experience in North India can debunk this place in a mo. Strictly average kebabs at almost 3-4 times their worth. The cost isn't offset by the dingy ambiance or the mediocre experience. Absolutely nothing justifies the sort of price they charge; in the 1.5 hrs I was there, not a single customer entered. The dining table was DUSTY. Food was very average. For the price charged, I feel almost cheated. I walked away a disappointed customer. To readers: while some may be fond of this place, do try other awesome places and judge for yourself.
Rated I don't understand the big fuss over this place. I ordered kakori kebabs and warqi paratha- its was average. The taste was weird and it melted in the mouth. Maybe that's how kebabs are supposed to be. But I am not used to that. Even eating it was diffcult..mushy mushy weird. The paratha wsnt great either. And everything is expensive- 515 for a couple of kebab pieces and one measly paratha.
Rated Ordered from here today- and earlier once. Today's was really horrible- cold, stale and weird tasting. The french fries were not well made and the sour cream with them was yuck. The chicken shwarma was stale and did not taste good (was too sour). The previous order was relatively better and tasted normal- indicating stale food and inconsistent quality.
Rated This outlet seems to be racing for "to be the SLOWEST" outlet and with most lazy staff ever !!! The ambience is very good in winter time but the quantity of food served for the price charged is VERY POOR !!! The food taste average not that great
Rated I ordered veg hummus salad. It was as expected, good. The reason for the low rating is that the falafel was cold and was fried long time back. The serving of the hummus was also poor, hence most of my pita was consumed dry. Having eaten at various outlets Maroosh,I found the salad could have been superb but have limited it to a good.
Rated First of all , death by chocolate was awesome , I had that at many places but this was different . We ordered cheese garlic bread ( which was okayish) , then a cold coffee ( which lived upto my expectations). And other than food , you can play board games . and very slow and calming feeling when you have to relax after a long day
Rated I have had Gyros from other Greek joints before but this one was by far the most average.. Veggies were stale and it was quite poorly spiced. They need to serious set up their game.
Rated Ordered Fish platter which took 2 hrs to reach. Unfortunately the quality was pathetic sauces added with no proportion it tasted more like an failed attempt to make a fish platter
Rated The gyros. I stopped eating shwarmas the day I had this. They're disgustingly delicious. You can barely hold one properly, let alone eat it. The amount of mayo they use makes it even more special. The baconator is yummy. Although sometimes a few bacon pieces are uncooked. That's a disappointment. But if you can overlook that this is one big meal. And it's cheap too
Rated Poor unapologetic and rude customer service. They cannot process a simple toast sandwich order with special instructions. Food was OK and definitely overpriced.
Rated Was in pali Naka the other day when the urge to have the thickest milk shake ever struck,and what do you know? crossed Gonuts and entered on a whim....and as usual ended up ordering for 3 milk shakes...ferraro rocher,cheesecake and strawberyy something... Oh my gosh...each sip from each shake was sooo ultra good,i was like those greedy children with three milkshakes taking a sip from each one turn by turn...i finished them all and still could not decide which tasted better...the chunks of strawberries...that cheesy taste...the pieces of ferraro....absolutely Yum!!
Rated A small hangout place.. With some crazy soda flavours..like lagoonberry and buttermilk soda... Dont miss orangelagoon... And the pizzas here are yumm.. Much better than expected under 100 bucks.. And chats sandwiches , rolls are ok.. Try cold coco too!!
Rated Open till 1am. Staff is always rushing to deliver the orders in the cars. Cheese chilli toast - yumm. Idlis served with chatni and podi. DSP - Must Have. Chocolate walnut fudge shake. Full of sinful calories. Hunger pangs post 12 , head your way here !
Rated Situated at d junction of dadar tt circle is known for being open till late night (2:30 am). Is always crowded but d service is quick. Try d sitafal chocolate :)
Rated Falooda point! The Falooda itself is bad what else can you expect over here then. The kufli's are just about okay. Nothing special over here.
Rated sad in terms of hygiene n taste .seems the flood is prepared in water ..
Rated Visiting this place is a must if you are an ice cream lover. They serve freshly made pan ice cream. Ferroro rocher pan sundae is personally my favourite.
Rated I totally love the Paneer Cheese Grill that they offer but to tell you the truth. Ive had the worst experience during one order when they had to deliver it to my office. I had ordered a Paneer cheese grill n another sandwich at 10.30am but it hasnt reached till now i.e.12.30pm. They have the world's most stupidest excuses to explain their tardiness. I dont know how they expect me to eat my breakfst sandwich fr lunch. Hence my rating fr their delivery service is 1.5 out of 5.
Rated Im a fan of fruits and fruit juices..so i gave it a try out here...they charge you crazie...and juice dey serve is so mixed with artificial colors and flavours...i could literally get the taste of chemicals in dem...very poor experience of HAS juices at viviana.
Rated There are two stores connected to each other shreeji Just chill n Shreeji pizaass. We ordered Veg cheese pizza Large for Rs.150. After a long wait for 20-25mins what we got is third grade pizza. Some uncooked veges topped with raw cheese (grated cheese put after the pizza made i.e unmelted cheese) with some chaat masala or red chilly powder sprinkled over it. I make 10times far better pizzas at home with normal Veges n w/o microwave or oven. Even my hubby thought the same. we wasted our money n time.
Rated A complete rip off of Boba tea or Pearls served in the asian countries. After my visit to Malaysia, which introduced me to chatime. I spent my days researching about any similar drinks in mumbai. Which then ended up in the discovery of Dr. bubbles. Enthusiastic, i hopped to this place. Which very high expectations. Since their bubbled matched alot with the Pearls usually served in the boba tea. I disappointed at the flavors served. Both for the tea and the bubbles. Firstly there need not be a particular flavor for the pearls, that will confuse the consumer. They might end up choosing the wrong combination, leading to a bad experience. Keep it generic and simple. Something which can go with any tea you serve. Even, MANGO :/! The bobas you eat out of india, do not, i repeat, DO NOT, Burst open in your mouth, leaving behind a squishy pulp and gel like thin layer of the burst bubble. The tasted absolutely sour and unpalatable. They use the right ingredient to make the bubbles just going wrong in the application. Sad, i left most of the tea behind. And continued my search for Pearl teas or Bobas around the city! :(
Rated Yesterday me and my sister in law were at hill road and we had parked our car at globus parking lot..so when we came back my sister in law so bubbles tea and she wanted to go there..so we decide to check till our car comes back from the valley. Bubbles is a concept of Taiwanese bubbles tea also known as pearl milk tea which was introduced in UK and US and few asian countries has been introduced in Inda by Mr.Adnan Sarkar. The Ambiance is White with small messages written and stickers on the wall along with the menu and picture of Dr.Bubbles Special teas. We ordered for a small Guava with Strawberry tea which had strawberry jelly bits Taste was good..it was not so sweet just perfect.!! Now comes the Cons !! There is nothing like bubbles in the fruit tea..when we asked for it they told has they have different jelly poppers for it and when we asked them to add it..they were charging us 80rs for which I said No. The staff dressed in white needs to be courteous with the customers and their drinks. The lady who was giving the drinks was struggling so hard to put the straw and was very rough. There were stickers on large drinks..my sister in law being a sindhi bahu started asking for one sticker..the staff said Ma'm buy one large drink we will give it to you..she said aise hi de do.Ma'm wahan likha hai please read karo. She was joking with them but the staff guy became so rude with her she said you guys need to get calm and not be so rude. 3.5 is just for the concept and awesome tea other points are deducted for the staff I will visit again for other flavours !!
Rated Mumbai certainly has a shortage of American style diners. Although a tiny café in the bustling Lokhandwala market, Milkshake & Co. partially fills this gap with its tall chilled glasses of shakes. I went there for a tasting which means I got to try mini portions of a lot of these shakes. My favourite of the lot was Oreo Shake and I also quite liked the peanut butter, dark chocolate and coffee flavours. The young chef/founder has worked in Michelin restaurants and some of that influence shows in his double cooked fries. They're even more decadent when smothered in a cheese sauce. bombayfoodie.com
Rated A little over-priced for milkshakes but one can make a visit once in a while. They have a millionaire shake which apparently has a 24 karat gold leaf and is priced for 1500 bucks. In any case, do try the Belgium dark chocolate shake!
Rated Nothing compared to the original boost in Australia. The ingredients might be an issue here but the overall preparation, the proportions, mixture, flavours etc. have that magic missing in them and are not worth the money. We tried the all berry and the berry crush but cudnt make out the difference (both were bland and pathetic). Let's hope they match their standards with their australian counterparts.
Rated Ordinary juice parlour offers way better juices than this place. I tried strawberry smoothie. It was pathetic. Tasted very bad and liquid and pulpy portion can be seen clearly. It was not even close to smoothie. Totally Waste!
Rated A temple for fitness freaks, this place makes and sells purely fruit shakes without adding any external flavors. It is quality at its best, but not at all a place for calorie lovers. We ordered blueberry shake and strawberry cream. However, the blueberry shake and strawberry cream had pure fruits and milk and also cream but all in its absolutely natural form. This place is recommended only for fitness freaks. Taste lovers should avoid it. Taste Quotient: 2.5/5 Ambience: 3/5 Service: 3/5
Rated I was damm tired after the trek and was very much dehydrated because of the scorching heat. Their lassi literally got me out of the fatigue. Amazing taste and filling with malai and butter. They serve half lassi and a variety of other flavours. Will surely try out others too.
Rated This branch is not exactly a place to chill it's better to order - don't forget the chocolate chip cookies - it's not bad at all!!! Otherwise the same standard and beware it's a lil messy while eating!!
Rated Great subs poor service !! Their new rule stating that the minimum amount for home delivery should be ₹200. Refused to deliver a single sub. It's sad to see this place losing its charm over the years 😐
Rated I've eaten twice at the versova joint, the food is good but both the times the staff cheated, the first time I didn't notice until I was home, I let it go, thought it was an honest mistake, ordered about two weeks later and again they cheated It's sad that a place with such good food has bad staff bringing the name down All in all, I'm not eating here again.
Rated shawarma outlet and its veg? kidding me. i mean chicken shawarma is not there. hated that veg paneer sharma. I mean how can A so called 'Shawarma King' can open a veg outlet. Worst Worst Worst.
Rated This outlet doesn't have any drinks or sundaes. It only has cookies. They only had two cookies left. It's kinda disappointing because the Lower Parel Outlet it the stark opposite.
Rated The meal combo is a very good option-- filling and affordable. I ordered paneer satay with cheesy potato pops and cold coffee. Pops could have been more cheesy ;-)
Rated Starbucks is right next to express towers just off nariman point. The cafe is really cramped and frankly the coffee is OK. If you stick to the tried and tested coffee drinks, then all is well. But don't fall for the new drink options, most of them are strictly OK.
Rated Recommend- the Belgian Chocolate waffle,blue berry cheese cake... Not that great-peanut butter waffles, But if you waffle lover.. You shouldn't have a problem but if you chocoholic definitely go for Belgian chocolate ...
Rated Okay, maybe i had the wrong thing here. Never ever order for the mix fried noodles. My cravings for chinese just died after having it.
Rated Real cheap. Quality food. Quick service. All what you ask for when you go out to eat. A small place, always crowded. Short on cash, long on appetite..? You've landed at the right place!!
Rated Went to Fenix for their Bengali food festival and was thoroughly disappointed. Started with Fish Kobiraji which in itself was great - low on batter and high on fish. But the Bhetki Paturi was a big disappointment - raw fish in the middle! Totally not acceptable! The Mutton Kosha was unbelievably good but by then we had lost appetite. Hope this is a one off affair and they continue to serve what they do best.
Rated After a evening walk at Nariman point...found this cafe .. It was little wired to see people playing music on loud speaker from phone and iPad in public place .. Cafe must have since restrictions on that part .. We ordered for Momo and coffee .. It was ok ... Service was very slow .. As we could see only staff in entire cafe... Management got to look into same Over all it's ok experience
Rated Didn't expected!! Nothing was tasty at all. The non veg platter was only just 10% good But the main course and the biryani was drastically worst. No taste! Poor service! Spoilt our dinner , Wasted our money!!
Rated A very overrated restaurant . If you got extra moolah to spend and just want to come because someone has told you about it ..pls do . Very boring interiors , staff will treat you like you have come from the third world country , food is very very average . Must : only the teas and coffee and...bread basket Detoxification juices . Price : steep Overall : average
Rated I have been to the nariman point branch several times. U can't compare the bandra branch at all to this. Food standard was below average. No bicottis with my coffee. No fudge with my bill. I love nariman point. Their food is fresh. I asked y so much difference between the 2. I was told they do not have a bakery in bandra hence no cookies or fudge. Can't buy this excuse.
Rated Have been to other outlets of brownie point.. this is amongst the worst. Only the place looks awesome n nothing else was right.. Service was bad.. pastries were so tasteless.. We took one dutch truffle n one swiss truffle.. Both were soo tasteless..a normal slice cake from monginis would have been better.. Only the chocolate chips on the pastry was tasty.. obviously it wasn't made by them.. :p Dunno if all cakes were same o I went wrong with selection.. will never visit this outlet again.
Rated I m shocked on seeing the menu, the brownie list is so big, while when we visisted there were hardly two types One was chocolate fudge N d other being walnut brownies Which both tasted d same Same case with all other 2 branches too juhu n bandra....i hardly gt to see more than 3 types of brownies on shop
Rated Food is not great. Made an online order, they did not send the pav with missal pav, they did not send the rose lassi, made the mistake of paying online too and now it's impossible to contact them as the person who picked up was not aware of the order it seems. Crazy I must say.
Rated Food coma is what will happen....delicious indulging Iip smacking food...the thali was huge...dal fry with the tadka is must have ...the ghee chapatis were soft and after a few you won't be able to move...baigan bharta and palak...were ok...sev tamatar was a disappoint ment ....don't forget to close the meal with an amras..but all in all you can't miss this... The dal tadka is still on my mind...
Rated Staying in western Mumbai, didn't even know this place exists that too near Cater's. Being a weekend was too quite for this place though it's ambiance is dressed as a lounge/pub. The service was ok. Rating it that way as the servers were unable to hear our orders. We ordered for Veg and non-veg platters. Totally disappointed. Both oily platters. O would not mind paying for potato bhajias on road side rather spending a fortune in here. Not very happy with food. The menu is very limited too.so had no option. I found it simply overpriced and not worth spending. Will i go back? You know the answer.
Rated This was my second visit to this small restaurant. Short review of the hits and misses. The burgers were glorious, as expected. However, the jamaican jerk bbq chicken we ordered did not really meet the benchmark. The fries were fine, but the brownie stole the show. This place has easily become one of my favvy.
Rated Total VFM take away place. Thrives on volumes and scales. Low commitment and the owner was not even ready to take feedback on a goof up of an order. This veg place once had a decent reputation. Its the beginning of the decline of this place due to poor attitude else food is acceptable. Dont rely on this place for committed execution. Urge them to listen to customers and manage better. Just reading all the reviews of home delivery experience tells you about their disastrous way of handling. They let you miserably down on home delivery in terms of quality and experience and the rating for that part is just 1. Owner and staff attitude to listening and committing is zero rating. Quality of raw materials is low end and highly suspect. Highly avoidable outlet.
Rated Very rude ppl and the service is extremely poor I am staying just 5mins away from there place and they insist that I order more than one stuff if I order more they have delivery boys if it's just one item sorry no delivery boys available The previous time they made me wait for my order for 2 hours 30mins It's sad and a very poor service place Dnt knw abt eat in there but home deliever very very sad And the staff very rude if u question them they will just keep the phone down
Rated Utter useless customer service, there is a surd on the counter who dsnt know how to treat customers. Usually never rate an outlet 1 but would have given them negative had it been possible. Improve your attitude guys, dsnt take time to fall with bad attitude.
Rated Have been going to Jhama from the time it has been opened in Vashi and have know from the Chembur times. The Gulab Jamuns and Singar mithai are know and are kind of highlights here. Since I'm having Jhama Sweets from my childhood there's a soft corner for this place but also can't deny the fact that things are changing and sadly not for the good the few reasons are 1. Staff is rude and most of the times they tend to ignore you 2. The owners or the manager don't bother even if one expresses the displeasure towards the staff 3. Sadly the taste is also changing This time though had a real hankering for Dahi puri and I was near buy so just dropped by and yes I was satisfied with the taste but the staff was again a real let down
Rated The smell of Samosa, Chole Bhature and Jalebis will definitely draw you closer to this place..Always buzzing with unlimited samosas and Bhature getting fried right in front of you!! Make a call before you go on the day of Hindu festivals as they sometimes skip samosas to keep only sweets on those days!
Rated Very poor quality ... Samosa and kachori were very oily and horrible taste... Don't recommend you trying this place at all no matter it's located just outside the station ... Good location horrible food
Rated I am always up for trying chaat from different places in Bandra. Ordered online and also at around 18:50pm for a Bhelpuri, Sindhi Took and Strawberry Milkshake. The Bhelpuri was average, Sindhi took was also average and the strawberry milkshake had it as didn't want to waste. No clue how is the rating so high, they took 1 hour to deliver, also when I called he said we told Zomato it will take 40min, I just mentioned to him saying I am the customer and you need to inform me not Zomato, ridiculous I think it's to have the audacity to say we informed Zomato. Why put delivery as 30min when you can't deliver in time.
Rated One of the best place where you can get pav bhaji and tava pulav. But place is not hygenic. They create filth all around. The place is also not safe as they pile up gas cylinders next to customers eating place on footpath. Yes the hotel has extended 500% illegally over the footpath and have created a party hall by converting open terrace and creating a staircase through duct lane. We should avoid this joint for these illegal extensions.
Rated Everybody has been raving about their samosas..i had an aversion for them after eating here... skip it..really pathetic. Brij albela is better off serving sweets ..although not the best around.
Rated If your ready to get lost in an ocean of sweetness then Jhama is the place for you. The staff are always in a rush as the place is usually packed or over crowded and during festivals its impossible to get what you want (they usually get out of stock) But there is nothing that replaces Jhama as such from their gulab jamuns to jalebis and moti chur ladoo, everything is just yumm!
Rated Hooka lovers can go there. It is situated on a mountain and hence the view is amazing. They have an open air hooka bar. I accidently went to this place to have food, which they serve but its more of a hooka place than a full fleged restaurant.All smoke and no food makes jack a sick guy !
Rated Totally unhygienic food.. Beware of this hotel.... And owner is with very very bad attitude.. Repeating again Totally unhygienic food.............
Rated Sardar Paaya House is a small, lesser known, rundown, hardcore nonvegetarian establishment located in the bylanes of Sion Koliwada, hidden from the pandemonium that Koliwada happens to be in Guru Tegh Bahadur Nagar. LOCATION: Invisible from the main road, it is located in a small lane next to Hazara Restaurant perpendicular to J.K Bhasin Marg.Inconspicuous that it is, the best way to find out is to ask someone on the street. CROWD: This isnt a place for vegetarians. The only two things in the menu that do not contain meat are pav and Bisleri.Mostly office goers or students frequent here and this isnt a family place. SERVICE:Restaurant is open from 1pm to 5pm.Expect to wait outside for a seat on Sundays. Service is very quick given that the menu has so little on offer. Parking facility is non existent, but you will find space in the by-lanes, no doubt. DINING EXPERIENCE: You might enjoy it if you do not give a damn about hygiene and it is just taste that matters to you.Their Kheema pav was delicious.Menu is limited. 1. Paaya Gravy. 2. Paaya soup.3. Mutton Kheema.4. Chicken gravy.5. Mutton Gravy.6. Paya (Mutton).7. Rice. PRICE: Costing about 100-120 per person for a meal. VERDICT: I realized that paaya isn't something that I relish.Kheema pav however was delicious. Highly recommended. AMBIENCE: 1.5/5 LOCATION: 2/5 TASTE: 3/5 HYGIENE: 2/5 SERVICE: 4/5 OVERALL: 2.5/5
Rated Food quality is bad,not hygienic, place is messy and dirty,plus the food's taste is also not great! A total no for this place is what I'd say!
Rated Service is not good and main thing they don't take care about hygiene.food quality is average.food processing is slow. Ambience is just pathetic
Rated Owner of the place don't know the difference betweek Chicken Tikka and Chicken Tikka Masala. Used to be their genuine customer before as they provided food worth the price (CHINESE). Went to take a delivery as parents were out of the city. 1st day i ordered a chicken tikka masala. The dish they delivered was chicken tikka and not the gravy which is known as chicken tikka masala. Charged me with the price of chicken tikka masala which is high and provided me a chicken tikka which costs less. 2nd day i ordered a full chicken tandoori. Personally went to order and made a complaint of the food which was delivered a day earlier to which the owner said it is impossible. We can never make wrong deliveries. I said ok forget it and just pack a chicken tandoori full. Asked for dry sev and schezwan chutney to which the owner asked "Tumko sharam aata hai kya?" Would have shoved a 100 rupees note up his ass if he could have asked for but insulting a customer who is a frequent eater. Finally gave up on the restaurant. SHITTIEST EXPERIENCE WITH EGOISTIC OWNER!
Rated Though the food is good to come back for but the service is so bad that it almost makes you hesitate to come back at this place. Some special dishes such as Chole Bhatura, Palak Dal, Paneer Tikka Masala are really good.... But then again, the lazy staff, the lack of any attention span, the slow service, etc., makes you to not go there again.
Rated Absolutely average. Good as an option but nothing out of the ordinary. Service is slow and home delivery is much slower. Taste is again average.. Aloo paratha is okay but give the Gobi paratha a miss especially if you do not like Gobi. (I m a cauliflower fan and they managed to put me off it for quite some time). However, if you are in that area, do order or eat there once (especially on a cooler night).
Rated Hospitality might be a saving grace to anyone who serves average food. Add to it the sheer arrogance of the in charge person who plays deaf and indifferent if one wants to report the nature of food.. Since there are very few options in this area I stumbled on this outlet.. I would suggest rather go hungry than through this turmoil...
Rated Very very tasty food...came bombay nd never ate thaker thali food then its useless..this food is seriously yummy...a bst gujju thaali for ppl...if anyone is getting lazy to make food..u jst have to come here nd have tasty home type food..@ thanks to all
Rated Located next to Le 15 so you will be highly confused whr to Go..I decided to go here as i visited le 15 before...I had red velvet cupcake which was yummy better than theobroma and and chocolate cupcake which ws ok ok..Staff lacked communication skills They looked confused on everythng
Rated I feel it was a mistake today. When i entered this cake shop i had alot of desires. I had purchased the mud cake and red velvet pastries. Personally the mud cake made me cry , It was an insult to choclate . The red velvet was way too sweet. Mayb they have alot of sugar and they love putting the excess. I learnt from my mistake wont go ther again.?
Rated Located in the Food court of inorbit, this place is my saviour on the cheat days. When I want to cheat with something really yum, but not very unhealthy. One hummus platter is huge for one person as they give you a hummus with pita along with shawarma/nachos n a cooler for only 250. Have had almost everything off their old menu n love each thing, haven't tried the new additions except the nachos which were great too. navimumbaifoodjunkies.wordpress.com
Rated Again this is a local bar with cheap crowds ... so beware before you step in. The rates of food and drinks suit for local pockets ... they give complimentary papads with drinks ... choose AC section which is a non-smoking section with 6 tables. Food is okay.
Rated 022 26482444 This is a wrong number 022 26482444 This is a wrong number 022 26482444 This is a wrong number 022 26482444 This is a wrong number
Rated The place seems to be running just coz MUMBAI's PARTY hub makes it run.. The cashier seems to rude to talk to and secondly one can barely talk in the sound.. The bartender are the same so as the people at entrance.. And as per the hype and all the club is quiet small.. And can't expect much.. Saturday's are the only days to go I suppose as the crowd covers up the place
Rated Located next to the taj alibii is one nice but small place... The alcohol is is served is a little diluted... The place picks up slowly but is small and gets stuffy but the music system is good nothing that would bother your ears.... could go there once in a while when the entry is by guest list
Rated Shady club with more vip tables and no dance floor or space to stand and order for drink ! Kids are allowed and music is not really up to mark as they play old 90's to house music of 2016 ! Hate the lights / ambience ! Make something beautiful and spend some extra bucks to make area for people to at least stand !
Rated Worst placeeeeeee ...worst crowd....if ur decent enuf u shud nevr b visiting this place..don't gooo service sucks waiters sucks mzusic sucks 5 star price will cheat u...2000 for 4 people 60ml smirnoff vodka and 2 pint beer
Rated A perfect place to get drunk. Alcohol is cheap and music played is too loud. Ambience is amazing. The entire place acts like a stress buster. Most of the times they come up with some shows or competitions to attract the crowd. A new addition to the list of places where you can get drunk without being even a little hard on your pocket.
Rated Bad crowd, really small place and bad food. We had our college farewell here last night which didnt really fare well :P Sums up my Club Escape experience - must escape! thefoodauror.blogspot.com
Rated was here for a private party...But really not the kind of place to be if you are with friends n family...specially girls.. rowdy crowd.. horrible food ... only give 2 rating for the music... music was really good... The most annoying thing was since it was a private party we were ok..but after 10 pm they started allowing regular guests and after complaining the told us only a few special ones would be allowed.. but they took in atleast 50-80 people..which made the whole place horrible!!! Can never even think of hosting party here
Rated Wooaah wat has happened to this place. Once upon a time it was an amazing club which has been ruined to graves now. Please do no visit. Caution warning etc etc etc
Rated Poor place and no manners for the guys at the entrance. I don't think it's a place to visit at all. Too crowded and totally undervalued place.
Rated Umame is one of the better pan Asian restaurants in the city. This restaurant is the baby of Bombay restauranteur Farrokh Khambatta and was the answer to many a Bombay foodies prayer when his iconic Joss restaurant closed down. It has one of the best sushi menus in Bombay after wasabi at the Taj. A few of the dishes I feel are also a natural progression from the menu at Joss which I will mention as this review continues). I would recommend starting with the oriental crab bisque with Chinese parsley. For the vegetarians I would suggest the asparagus and pine nut cappuccino. Both had similar versions on the Joss menu which was a favourite of mine. In appetisers their grilled new potatoes, rock corn tempura, cherry wood BBQ cottage cheese and sautéed mushrooms and waterchestnuts in dried chilli are favourites of mine. I'm non vegetarian options I would recommend the whiskey flambéed prawns, BBQ chicken with cherry wood smoke, the mince lamb on sugarcane skewers and grilled beef on bamboo skewers. For sushi I usually get the dragon rolls and the spider rolls. In mains my favourites are the black cod in hoba leaf, smoked Himalayan trout and the chilli prawns . One of my favourite dishes in Bombay is their pork, shiitake mushroom and spring onion bibimbap. Special mentions for their Balinese clay pot and rice(I usually have that with lamb at joss although not sure if that option is still available) and their prawn khaosuey(also a fave at the Ncpa cafe catered by them). A meal at Umame is incomplete without their signature chocolate cigar with prune and Armagnac ice cream. Also if your in the mood for something a bit theatrical try the "Big Bang theory". A dessert big on presentation not to big on flavours though. My verdict on Umame is that it is definately one of the finest pan Asian restaurants in Bombay. I feel though the ambience is a bit dull with a lack of natural light. A few too many tables cramped in the space. Also a slightly noisy bar so try not to be seated nearby as the constant whizz of blender is quite disturbing.
Rated Visiting it was an experience taking into account the decor, ambience and the feel.... We went for sunday brunch..... Easter dessets.... Too gud.... Gud assortment of cuisines.... The italian and thai food was amazing...But unfortunately some of the food was very cold like the South indian and the north indian dishes.... Vadas and paneer tikka, ice cold... That was a bit of a disappointment .... Otherwise a nice brunch...
Rated I have visited the place 2 times so far. each time as a office outing. The first time could've earned the joint a cosy 3.5/5. But the second time, the food was so horrible that it totally ruined my night. From the starters to the main course to even the ice cream, disappointment after disappointment after disappointment. If it wasnt an official get together i would have left after the starters itself
Rated ~home delivery~ ~buttermilk fried chicken bao~ •tangy •soft baos •crisp fried chicken •cardboard packaging they food was moved Might get soggy if the sauce touches for long
Rated This place came highly recommended so I decided to try it out.. Unfortunately, I must say for a fine dining place this is a total disappointment. After being seated for just 2 minutes, the waiter decided to inform us that we had another 2 mins to place the entire order from starters to main course.. The food is quite average and it's a place for family dining (with cranky kids yelling in the background) #nothappening
Rated The place is good only for the ambience . Over hyped place which charges vaguely and serves the smallest portion possible . First time I have seen a restaurant serving just 3 dimsums per dish. I felt number of people serving were more then number of people having food. Though the quality was ok but the quantity was pathetic. My wife loves Chinese and it was her birthday, but a wrong decision by me to visit this place. Very disappointed.
Rated It's a mini club on Saturdays and Sunday's the people are mad drunk and dance like hell. I visited this place on Saturday by 6:30/7 in the evening and luckily I got the seat after 8 the place is full and long waiting is there the place is happening and the music is way upto the mark
Rated SHORT VERSION - Feel cheated by management and staff! Be careful about the pricing of their suggested items Loud headache inducing music! The playlist was good though. Extremely crowded especially on weekends. Exorbitant service charge (tip) for disgraceful and rubbish service! Food isn't good. Do check out reviews and then order. LONG VERSION - My ramblings - Going to hoppi was just something that happened by chance. I wasn't very impressed with their Lower Parel one hence going to any other outlet wasn't something I had in mind. It's a brightly done up place in whites and pretty vibrant colours but it looks old now! I kinda like the ambience at the place. It's fun and encouraging! The idea of being able to play games while u eat and drink is really appealing. The experience - We started of with a pitcher of kingfisher draught beer which is priced at 275/- for a litre 0.o What a steal I thought but mind you it's not! I was extremely ravenous so quickly ordered for a portion of their cheesy fries and harissan paneer! Ordered for 2 more pitchers thumping myself on the back thinking woot woot I found a place that gives beer at a rubbish rates with great ambience. (Again I should remind u, it's not) We asked for uno cards and Jenga blocks and it was a lot of fun truly. A friend joined us and the pitchers were gone so we tried asking for another and they inform us that they're out of kingfisher and quickly suggest other brands and we settle for bira. 2 pitchers of bira and some more food went down pretty quickly! We were celebrating a bday so we all were in high spirits and called for 3 shots of kamikaze. The food here isn't too expensive either. So at 12.30 when I ask for the bill I'm shocked at a bill showing us ₹5000/- for 3 people. How can this be? 5 pitchers at 275 each and 5 portions of food ranging from 140-300 and 3 shots of 250/- each. Add the normal tax rates one sees and I didn't expect it to be more than 4000/-. It was a birthday night so I decided to not bother and we were all in such good spirits that I let it go, paid and got out! Today morning when I see the bill I feel cheated. Initially I though this place is a 4 star rating but reduced the rating and I'll tell you why - The bira pitchers were priced at 700/- each for a litre! Why wouldn't the wait staff inform us this when we place the order? The previous pitchers cost us 275 so when they suggest something two and a half times the price shouldn't they be informing u or maybe pointing it out on the menu card? We weren't handed a menu card when the suggestions were made. Do they expect the customer to know the prices? Secondly, they levy a 10% service charge. For the uninitiated, a service charge is like a tip! Now this seems very very innocent but when ur base bill is 4000/-, the service charges are 10% of that which means I paid 400/- as service charge. The service is awful. Paying 400/- for that is ridiculous. Does a customer not get a choice on how much they want to tip the wait staff? I feel like stealing a chair from them to make up for them stealing from me last night 😂 Thirdly, the service is shoddy. When the place is empty as it was when we first entered, the service is bad so u can just imagine what happens as the place starts filling up. College kids gyrating on your arm (I kid u not. Imagine u sitting on a chair with your arms by your side minding your own business and someone stands next to you, flips their hair full chikni Chameli style and whacks your face with her hair then proceeds to rub her butt on ur arm! It bothered me a lot. There were tons like her. Also Enough boys grabbing their own crotches and dancing Michael Jackson style) and not one single wait staff around to give u the bill, which u desperately want because of the extremely extremely loud music- they would be better of making this place self service! FOOD AND DRINKS - The food is ok. Harissan panner can be given a miss. The cheesy fries are ok but be sure to ask them to chill on the salt. The four cheese pizza is pretty good and super light, crispy and thin! The nachos are alright and I've had way better stuff so don't bother with those. The jerkin around pizza was by far the best we had at hoppi. Yummy jerk spiced chicken with their fantastic thin crispy pizza base! Droooooollll! If u go there, u must try this! As for the alcohol, it's cheap before taxes and service Charge and post taxes it's alright! There are many places with similar or maybe a little more. WILL I GO BACK? - No, I won't be going back to hoppi for there are better places that don't cheat u and they definitely have better service! If the ambience at this place is ur thing then by all means yes, if not then there are way too many other options. 🍻CHEERS
Rated Went here recently when I was near Fun Republic. Their Krazzy hours were going on . Ordered the following 3 Kingfisher beers Veg continental platter Service was too slow n order took fair amout of time to arrive n that too erroneous . Ambience is ok n music is too loud. On the whole an average experience .
Rated if you see my reviews i refrain from writting negative comments unless i have the worst experience...this is regards to the same :-). the DJ is really the worst iv ever come across...he doesnt know how to tune and adjust the controls to the beats..the selection of songs were so poor...he was shifting from english latest to early 2000 yr hindi tracks to suddenly punjabi tunes...this is the worst of worst music iv ever heard...Really a sad place to be at...they have added some tables even at the corrider next to the loo for hookah which spoils the look at the place...earlier this place used to really rock when there was not much crowd,but now the crowd has increased and place has detioriarated (regarding music), even the LOO stinks !! no wonder zomato ratings have dropped to 2.9...if ull provide such dissapointments after charging a bomb...v soon...GAME OVER !
Rated The place used to be good but now the standards have gone so LOW that not even AKON can go there! :P Ambience: 4/5 The ambience is pretty good. Its an open roof top place with a seating capacity of around 60 and its well segregated to maintain privacy yet not secluded. Menu Variety: 4/5 True to a north Indian restaurant, they have a good variety in both vegetarian and non vegetarian dishes. Their cocktails and mocktails are good and not so heavy on pocket. They have a dance floor near dj area and its quiet spacious and has a nice light effect. Service: -2/5 (yes that's a negative 2) I have never come across such lazy, rude, arrogant, and mean staff. They treated us so badly. We repeated our order 5 times. He got starters 1 hour after ordering, and it was cold. Main course again took 45 mins and again cold. They don't have waiters assigned to a specific table. So it was difficult to get attention of a waiter passing by. We were tired of screaming! They heard us calling them, looked our side and simply walked away. One of them looked our side and then looked away and started watching t.v.! I mean what the hell??! This one waiter Vijay needs to be fired! He was the most annoying one. Then their manager came finally (after we called for him for half hour) and served us free coke and said sorry! No! Free coke won't make our mood better. And neither would it overlook the way you guys treated us. Ok so this place is known for hookah. But on our table we hadn't ordered for one. Another horrible experience: A waiter literally blew the coal funes on our table and snickered and left!. He had the audacity to do that!! I have never felt so angry and hurt and #$&%@&#%@&@%# One request: just never visit this place.
Rated menu is exhobirantly priced and the LOO in the lobby stinks like as 3rd class train platform urinal...Being a 5star, such poorly maintained washrooms...really disgusting !
Rated Was there on sunday and this joint rocks yaar. Mojo main majaa aa gaya. Very happening crowd.. Service a bit slow but chalta hai when u r hving funnn and daroo... Lol
Rated The only thing good about this place is the ambience, And the hookah The music is a big big disappointment Service is slow,very average food. 3/5 in all just for the place.
Rated Mojos finally a rooftop in Vashi....marks only for ambience....food was OK...service was just pathetic ....watever we wanted to order was not available...it was a Saturday and Dey did not have Budweiser and kingfisher....nly corona...dat was pathetic...sheesha was OK but a tad expensive....definitely service needs to be taken care off....
Rated Worst food i have ever had. Qunatity i give a big zero to them.only the ambience is good rest everything is waste.#worst food#no words ....................................................
Rated Hoppipola was on my wishlist for a long time, finally gave this place a visit. The ambience is nice and different. A big drawback of this place is the loud music, it is so loud that you can barely speak to the person sitting next to you. The food was really not that good. And because of the loud music it was getting very difficult to order. But overall this place is nice to hang out with your friends.
Rated Fingerlicking! You will eat all those cheese and mayo left in the plate! It is generally very crowded but they somehow manage to serve you quick. Extensive menu, you will find lot of unusual dishes which should be given a try. Cheese panini and cheese chilly toast were satiating. Just that I felt the cheese chilly toast wasn't half cooked , maybe because of number of orders for it! Nonetheless if you want to grab a quick bite do not hesitate to visit this place!
Rated This chota nukkad is a food adda to all KCians & HRites. Located in the vicinity of these colleges & bunch of banks, this place is always over crowded. The unique part of their service is they update their menu with new varieties almost every quarter which is not a peculiar habit with their other peers. I had a veg cheese roll this time. Awesome as always! The blend of spices in the potato stuffing that they use in majority of their menu is where lies their USP. Quick in service & reasonably priced, this place is a necessity for this area secluded with premium restaurants which dig holes in ur pocket! PHD's tip : try all the rolls here.
Rated Worst place ever to order from. We planned on getting something delivered to our office on a weekday. We placed our small order at 12.30 pm and were told that the delivery would happen by 1.20 pm. We kept waiting...finally at 1.30 when we called we were told that the delivery boy has left and that he should be reaching our office in ten minutes. (btw churchgate to vt isnt far away too) 1.40-still there was nobody who came with the order. We finally called up one last time and were rudely told by the employee at wok express that the guy should be reaching in 5 mins. when we asked him to give us the number of the delivery boy, he rudely said that we dont have his number and then hung up the phone. I strongly recommend that no one order from here...its almost 3.15 and we still havent gotten our order... We finally settled for something else but these people here need to be taught a lesson...
Rated So it's Navratri and I'm craving sushi and people think sushi is only fish but I tried Tokyo treat last week and this time I just sneaked into a take away for some sushi after a workout as I was craving it. Ordered for a Cucumber Cream Cheese Sushi which was a portion size of 5 big rolls with some out of the world wasabi which actually cleaned me up of the cold. So I suggest Sushi 3 times a day for 3 days and your ENT will never need a visit again
Rated After all the hype I had to try their Chili ice cream which i must say is a very unique flavour after every bite you feel the heat yet you keep wanting for more as the cold ice cream balances it out. Definitely worth a visit.
Rated Absolutely tired of having burger king, subway and Mad over donuts ?? Go for a quick or lazy bite here.. The Ghotala Keema and pav, lime soda, and Cheese N Chicken sandwich is the best you can have here. I am not certain about the other dishes. Overall this place is based on a parsi style cafe.. Quick service.. Cards are not accepted here.
Rated Mediocre Dying place Ok ok food and ambience Poor service Some how is still around Hopefully we had very less to eat and escaped asap...hahahha
Rated Great service. They help you choose if you are confused. Food was ok. We ordered chicken noodles and fried rice as we were already full. The noodles was good but the fried rice lacked little bit of salt. Otherwise the ambience was good
Rated Feel like pizza and pasta and all things Italian? Don't go here. The service is slow. So so so slow. The food isn't worth the wait and the staff is a little ignorant. Everything would be forgiven really, but the food doesn't make sense, the pizza they serve tastes like those pan pizzas at general bakeries... So much no.
Rated Very very poor with their quality of their packing as well as their food. I was highly disappointed with their service in this branch. I usually ordered from tardeo which was spectacular with their dishes. Each and every one was just amazing but this branch served us totally saltless and tasteless dishes from their pastas to Thai curries every single one lacked the basic ingredient like salt. And the packing was absolutely unacceptable. There was curry everywhere except in this dish itself. There was curry in the delivery bag of the delivery guy, our boxes were stained but when we opened the boxes this is what we found👇no curry whatsoever and this is not the first time we have complained about their packing. And this is the one and only restaurant that I've seen that serves curry pre-mixed with rice.
Rated The staff here are disgustingly cheap. 3 of my collegemates and I had to work on a project together. We decided to sit at MOD. We had all ordered doughnuts and coffees, we were speaking in a low voice and there was no other customers there. In an hour, the staff deliberately increased the volume of the music, increased the draft of the AC, and put cellotapes on the charging sockets to prevent us from charging our laptops. Had we overstayed our welcome, they could have told us, resorting to such tactics is disgusting and petty. Again we had all purchased food and beverages, were there only for a short while and there were no other customers. Yet the resorted to these tactics.
Rated I've had some good and some bad experiences at this place. Sometimes I have eaten decent food here. And sometimes when I've tried a pastry, I've been utterly disappointed. Considering there are so many other cafes around, this is on the cheaper side though it it's quality is questionable.
Rated This is one place I'd really suggest to avoid. Their cakes and pastries are lack lustre, tasteless and at times inedible! Their coffee, juices etc are doable but with the number of options there are in the vicinity this place can be given a miss. thefoodauror.blogspot.com
Rated Everyone loves Subway, and I'm no different. But this time I'm writing to crib about my experience. This specific outlet at Churchgate seems to have gotten everything wrong. When I asked for a fresh bread, the staff (named Amol) rolled his eyes. He practically threw the vegetables on the bread rather than arranging them neatly. And he was super stingy with the sauces!! When I asked him to put some more of a specific sauce I got a very curt reply "Aur kitna dalega? Limited quantity mein hai". Um, excuse me? The very USP of this place is that you can customise your sandwich/ salad with say all or few veggies, combination of meats or more/ less of a sauce, right? Not only do I have a problem with the staff who is obviously not trained, but also with the fact that their AC wasn't working for the longest time! I mean you would NOT want those vegetables and meat looking practically dead due to the heat in your sandwich. I'd rather starve. In fact I remember, they have run out of stock of jalapeños and southwest sauce a couple of times that I went there bang in the middle of the day. Ever heard of supply chain management? All in all, this is the worst managed Subway I've been to, and if the manager is reading this, you must do something about it.
Rated Ordered through Scootsy! Chicken Tandoor Grill & Chicken Nuggets(3pc) Both the items were surprisingly bland & cold. The burger was missing all its spices & nuggets were like elastic rubber of chicken.
Rated Can't get better. Thanks for being my friend on dats i really want to cheat on my diet. Miss the chilli cheezos and I am hoping they will be back soon.
Rated One of the favourites if you're a vegetarian. The cheese nachos here are my favourite. Though they're the same everywhere mostly. I got served onion rings with chaat masala so I'm guessing they have an Indian twist added to the dishes here.
Rated Let me start with the plus points: - Location - Ambience - Decor I went for the breakfast with my friends ordered the regular Gaylord's breakfast with fried egg, bacon, fries, bread toast, butter and jam with coffee. Then a vanilla shake for the settlement. Nothing ordinary, regular food in irregular rates! The food is not bad, is it worth the high prices? Never! You get lot of other places with mouth watering amazing food menus around the corner. Plus the waiter who came first! Very bad customer service, by that individual! That was a first, leaving without providing a tip. The management should get some customer service training to the team.
Rated One of the most oldest and finest eatery at churchgate this eatery has been famous with youngsters due to its close proximity with many colleges situated around its circle. With time the place has been degrading the quality of its food and what i ate here before and what i am being served now has a vast difference (obviously degrading). The veg cheese pizza bun was the best thing they had before but now I couldn't even finish half of it because it was so stale and bad ! Thought if taking one more as a parcel but that also turned out to be a very bad option! Staff being old is accustomed to its regular customers and are not joyful to the new ones. This place had its peak but now i think just as people grow old and start deteriorating this place has reached his old age and is now going down in matters of food and quality!
Rated This is the worst Sufra joint by far. Had come here on Sunday, it was not much waiting yet we had to wait for 30 mins for a chicken shawarma. Also the management didn't care. Food had not much taste to it. They need to work on their time management. Manager didn't bother apologising. Food 2.5 Service 1 Value for money ₹₹
Rated I've been dying to have Arabic again after almost 2 years and ever since then I've only found this place on the Web that serves (close to authentic) Arabic. We tried their giant shawarmas which sadly didn't consist of pita bread and was instead a regular indian roomali roti (if it says Arabic / middle eastern on the front of the shop, then I'm assuming you're going all the way and not mixing and matching things). Wasn't that impressed with the size either. If your gonna charge me 100 extra for a shawarma then I don't want anything that is in the shape of a pencil: I want it big and chunky! ! We tried the hummus with sujouk (sujouk is meant to be spicy slices of sausages: the sad contraption we got on our table was coldish and slightly hard hummus without too much of flavor with 4 small pieces of chicken sausages drizzled with some Indian sauce of some sort. It was definitely not appetising at all. Whatever it was, it was not good and defiantly not worth it). And after all of that, the service was terrible. Only 3 tables were filled with customers out of which 1 of them was done ordering and eating and the other had done ordering. We got our food in breaks. Shawarmas first, 15 minutes later: the fries, 10 minutes after that: cold and tasteless hummus. I'm here to eat things together and not eat a sandwich first and then eat the dip I ordered it for ... lol The chicken shawarma was tasty for sure (no doubt about it) and we tried the lamb shawarma as well. The strange thing is that this had lamb mince rather than pieces. You usually find mince in manakeesh or pides so it was rather strange to find it in a shawarma. I'm only giving high points here (after all the crying and complaining) cause I've been dying for Arabic food for quite a few years and this place is the closest I've found in Mumbai. I might just change my mind in the future and the points may just go lower. But in the meantime, I'd go back for sure so as to fill myself up.
Rated One word - Avoid. Went here for a quick lunch and ended up spending an hour and a half coz the server misheard our order and also took a long time. The service is slow and lacks basic etiquettes. They have seating upstairs, an area that stinks and is left unmanned at all times so that you have to call the waiter from downstairs to get you a napkin. They served our food in dirty plates, no cutlery (coz who needs a fork while eating a roll) and no accompaniments at all. Plus the sexist posters adorning the walls were too taxing to look at. What we ordered: Chicken Shwarma in lebanese pita - 2/5 and who puts cabbage in shwarma?! The mayo tasted on the verge of expiration. Parsi Chicken Salli wrap - Okay. Weird store-bought potato sticks in it. Lebanese chicken salad - Unusually orange and simply pathetic.
Rated No doubt the savouries are tasty & there is no dearth of customers thronging this place & it is a much sought after chaat & sweets shop. But if hygiene, cleanliness & the next day strain on the tummy are criteria under consideration for scoring, K P has to certainly do something more to earn brownie points. i have been a visitor since decades but of late. eating here has become a rarity. In fact, I do not remember the last time I ate here.
Rated Went there to nite. .empty restaurant..There were just the 3 of us till almost 11 pa and then 2 others walked in.. The caprioshka and the whisky smash were fine..The chicken wings...Water chestnut and pumpkin dimsum were good as was the sea food pasta. Ordered the Rocky road dessert. .which was okay. . Good experience but expensive ..
Rated We decided to try this place over the weekend. We went to the rooftop. Not bad. Spacious. Slightly loud. Smokable. There must have been about 15 of us and they got us a table in no time. So that's not bad. They even handled all our loud, drunken and a bit more bullshit we threw towards them. People get drunk and loud. So what. The food was quite good. We ordered a bunch of pizzas, some nice and very different herb crusted mac and cheese, I had a pulled pork burger (which was very different since it had either actual apple or apple compote - super fly!!) We then tried their section which was at the bottom of the building. That was alright. Didn't quite like that place though. But whatever. And in general, I didn't find anything great or fantastic behind the idea for this stock exchange style. If u ask me, it's either the same if not slightly expensive since all Base prices are for 30ml drinks (that's like the amount a mouse would slurp on and still want more).
Rated This is a place which gives you a feel of sitting in a small restaurant in Rome or Milan. However, the nice list ends there, which sadly does not include the food. The foods is bland and boring, the menu looks promising, but fails on execution. If you have to eat here then call for the Spinach ravioli or patato wedges. There is no good desert here. But the worst part here is the staff. For whatever reason they are pissed and waiting for you to leave. For the only place in Colaba to be empty On A Sunday night March increments could not come sooner.
Rated I had heard way too much about this place and its food, probably a reason I ended up visiting recently. While the food tastes good and hygienic, the place comes across as over pricey and congested. I think, it's time they expand
Rated Average taste... Not so friendly staff.... Noisy.... I had a strong craving for Greek cuisine after surfing through Zomato and as per the rating decided to dine here and was highly disappointed below are the reasons..... 1. Place was too noisy as i guess there was a company get together will all men with highly consumed alcohol 2. Had to wait for long just to get the menu 3. Biggest disappointment was that the menu didnt really have that many greek dishes. Since we were famished decided to ordere labanese dish "shawarma" which was good in taste but not that great. Highlight of all was orange mojito and Tzatziki. I would not want to go back.... :(
Rated One of the better italian joints in the city expensive as its a 5 star. Try anything pizza pastas you wont be disappointed can occasionally spot a few celebs.
Rated the place is over hyped.. first its hard to find and is at a very shady street ..second.. there was not even a single customer when i got there which explains a lot.. its not very hygenic.. ice cream is good but too much sugar content.
Rated Umm why am I even writing this review. It doesn't live up to its expectations. You're supposed to feed good pizza's guys. Boring interiors cramped up place, home delivery is the way to go
Rated Never ever ever even dare to order for home delivery from this place because by the time the food comes your hunger will be dead and you would have either killed yourself or eaten something else out of hunger !!! I ordered for two pizzas and it took them more than an hour to deliver it even though the place where we ordered was just 5-7 minutes away from their outlet...even though they took time (not a problem) but the food had become soggy and the pizza had become damn stale !! Never ordering again from here.
Rated Khushiyon Ki Home Delivery !!! Rather than wasting so much money and time plus resources and workforce on such advertising concentrate on the food more !!! The pizzas ordered are of zero satiety value - the corners dry even on the extra cheese and thick crust too !! The base looks like made at home - plus the toppings are so less - scrapes out with the bite and all u are left with is the bread (pav) . The side orders are worthless - yes I am rude !! Plus the delivery is okay and the quality declines day by day !! Also dominos is maybe the best fast food joint in inventing different types of taxes in the bill - so the pizza of 600 climbs to 750-800 in no time at all !!
Rated If you're looking for a place to just fill your stomach, this'll be your haven. The chicken seekh roll had just one piece of the seekh kabab and it was very dry. The chocolate brownie was very hard difficult to chew. If they have to increase their standards as a bakery, the brownie's gotta get a bit soft and the chicken shouldn't be dry. Overall, it's an okayish place and one where you'd go if nothing else is open.
Rated I m a fan of IRANI outlet so while near Sale tax office i decided to go to this place. Offcourse checked on Zomato Menu was quite convincing to have Lunch... The place was as expcted by its outlook. Shabby ambience but quite Clean and hygenic. Have AC and Non AC section i opted for Non AC as wanted to have quick bite n run. Non of them were wearing uniform so very difficult to place an order. After a while a guy with stained shirt came to me for an Order. While entering saw Shwarma Maker so asked for Shwarma ,the waiter said Shwarma ill take time atlest 15 to 20 mins i said okk i ll wait then suddenly he said sorry shwarma is not available. So i decided to order my fav dish Salli Boti... I was surprised to see salli boti in Safron thick gravy. And which Mughlai preparation has mozzarella Cheese in it. When i told the waiter he said hamare pass aise hi jaata hai hum salli nahi dalte. The taste was awful they served Maida Rotis which i hate. Over all very bad and sad experience. It ruined my Lunch.
Rated Whenever I visit this place we order only One thing & that is Prawn Chilly cause I haven't seen many resto who serves this size of prawns.Best place to have prawns. Next time I visit this place I would refrain myself from eating prawns & do the Justices to Chi. also. Food - 4 Ambiance - 3 Service - 3
Rated Was vry hungry and visited today in byculla which is in vry crowded place bhendi bazar.. One point deducted for ambiance otherwise taste was gud..
Rated Hunger pang let us hop in this little outlet as we were around this vicinity. Food and service was ok. Its too pricey with the lilttle quantity they provide. Just 1 visit.
Rated The delivery came in 20 mins . Crispy chicken was not crispy ,nothing great about the taste , chicken was dry. American chicken chopseuy was unbearable,gravy was just sweetened cornflour gravy and the chicken was smelly! The only good thing was chapati,they were soft. Bad experience and waste of money,won't be ordering again from here.
Rated This used to be my go to place. Whenever we (family, friends, just me) were in the mood Mao Chinese was there to satisfy us. It was the quintessential cheap Chinese. But over the years it has got so bad that I will now never even consider ordering from here. We bought a lot of stuff worth 1000 rupees. The soups were salty and goopy. The chicken tasted stale. The rice and the noodles were bone dry and the gravies were so replete with corn flour that everything else was rendered tasteless. Once a childhood haunt, now just a distant memory
Rated The service was poor that I can understand it dint look like a full time restaurant but the pizza was no match they dint taste at all good I use to have pizza at pedder road they were awesome but yesterday I had a shock the pizza was worst I will never eat or advice ill try once pedder road again n see is that smokin joes is gone worst or just this branch@
Rated Visited the place for the 1st time. Wat a disappointment! Had a chicken seekh roll which was of rs 40 in their menu but still he charged me rs. 50 and the reason being "utne ka hi hai , chachiye to lo".
Rated This is a fairly good place for seekh kebabs. The best I've eaten outside of the Mohammad Ali road / Pydhuni and neighbouring streets. So if you haven't been to those or you are too 'posh' to go there then you will be blown away by these kebabs. The other stuff was not really very memorable - chicken Afghani, paya soup and naan; so it wouldn't be a bad idea to give those a miss. Don't forget to get the deep fried paratha with your kebabs and make it into a DIY seekh kebabs wrap with the accompanying mint and green chutney. PS - zero ambience, zero decor and lots of Street noise from outside so this is strictly a dine and dash kind of scene.
Rated Situated at the Byculla Junction, Besides Kut n make saloon, is a shabby place, and sense of Hygiene is extremely poor. You can see roaches around the place and veggies kept open. I doubt the Quality of food though its cheap and value for the price they offer. The schezwan is fiercely red, and makes me wonder of the Quality of Ajino Moto they put in the Chinese Dishes.
Rated Cringe-worthy, dry food, devoid of taste. I ordered from them today and was completely dependent on the server for suggestions as I have not heard of a lot of the sauces they have listed. Went for a medium wok with brown rice and assorted veggies like broccoli,carrot,baby corn, water chestnuts and shitake mushrooms. The protein was soft tofu which they call kine tofu to confuse matters further. The recommended sauce was black pepper sauce which was surprisingly coloured red. The food was dry, tasteless mostly with just the predominant taste of red chillies. The veggies and tofu were very less and cut small to be precise. Waste of Rs.220 and my time. In case u were wondering what happened to my meal, as much as I despise the wastage of food, I threw it in the bin.
Rated This place is not as good as it used be earlier. Surprisingly my favourite doughnut here is the rainbow surprise but it wasn't up to the mark today. This place has become below average sadly. Hope it gets back to how it was earlier!
Rated Cant imagine writing a negative remark for burger king..i mean they made GOOD burgers! But highly disappointed.. Not even close to the best burgers i have had elsewhere Tried chicken tandoori grill burger.. Plain chicken in need of more marinade! The cheese chilly chicken burger was too bland.. No...
Rated If you want an order to be home delivered from this place never do that. They just have one delivery boy and it takes more than two hours to deliver one simple order.
Rated Not as per the expectation. Didnt find the sheesha that great. Though didnt try food and stuffs. Really a bad experience. 1.5 only for the ambience.
Rated And this is an update after 27 days. This place has turned pathetic - seems they cant handle the crowd at all If getting an icecream start taking 15-20 minutes to arrive. So you can guess how much time it would have taken for other orders Simply bad experience for a restaurant I had rated 4.5 earlier This is the replacement of the one located in Juhu Superb ambience And very supportive and educated staff Food is not out of the world but one of the must try ones types Bit expensive
Rated Quick delivery however take too long for answering their call ... Raw chicken required better cleaning as it had visible blood stains
Rated I have never been this disappointed ever by any legendary restaurant before. Well, I can see a lot of people have given awesome points and reviews for this rehstaurant but klet me tell you the truth that this is a average restaurant and its only in the business cause its operating in the city for a very long time, that's it. The Bun Maska you get on footpath is way better than the one you get here. Bun was not up to the mark the way it has been hyped. Well, then we ordered Keema and bread... and that is the only thing which was better, french fries were disappointing and so the Parasi omelette which they said as their specialty. Anyway, we were disappointed to the core, when I was about to get my camera outside for taking the pictures and about to ask the permission, owner was on my head shouting ........so thats again a disaster. Service down.....:( And I am sure owner is less bothered about this review. So, no grudges.....But I am done with Kyani....
Rated Literally the worst bse or lounge I've ever been to! Firstly there's no table available on Saturdays, secondly the waiters n services are super bad! The waiters are rude and take hours to get the drinks or food. Couldn't even take orders properly even when mentioned specifically about the nachos being chicken, they kept asking veg or non veg ! Like seriously? Worst experience ever! Never going back!
Rated I think the place is too hyped! There is nothing very appealing at the place. Tried a litchi flavoured drink on the server's recommendation. It was so average. And the prices are also very steep. All in all I don't want to go there again. Total waste of money
Rated This is the first time I am giving a rating of 1 to any restaurant. The place is a mess. Went there for a Sunday morning breakfast. After paying for the order we waited for 20 min only to be asked by 3 different watiers on what we wanted. We finally had to take a refund and leave the place hungry. The rating is for the place and people. No idea how the food is since we didn't get any!!!!!!
Rated Highly disappointed with the borivali branch although I haven't been to any other outlets..I had samosa, paneer jalebi and tewari thali....the samosa was definitely stale and there was no dought about it. The paneer jalebi was so oily that v didn't feel like eating it...the thali was good as the breads were freshly prepared and the basmati rice also had good flavour but that's about it all the gravity dishes in the thali wer bland and lacked the tast basic spices, probably salt was less that could be the reason but am not sure y. And there was another family eating the same thing beside us and they didn't like it either, they just left it... There was just one thing I liked and that was the mini gulab jamuns I'll give a point for that anyway... But sorry am not going back there again.
Rated Visited the place at 10pm, order paneer sabji, roti, dal rice... No salt in rice, paneer was half burnt and rotis were like rubber.. Waiter were watching TV & in their own world. Sorry to say All Chemburkar's Vaishno Punjab has lost his reputation.
Rated Worst place... Worst crowd.. Some time i dont feel safe because the type of crowd was their.. Location is good... Not well managed by owner.. Waste of money.....
Rated Gosh ! Not one order correct , 5 out of 5 times every order wrong , rice for noodles Thai for masaman, list is never ending , online or other wise , just terrible .
Rated Not up to the mark for its food taste, below par experience, highly priced for a restaurant newly come up with average food quality and taste.
Rated Located just opposite Gloria church and Byculla station, this restaurant remains always crowded. Have been there many times especially in college days as it is very cheap. Kheema pav for breakfast makes your day.
Rated PLEASE BEWARE!!!! I am very disappointed with this restaurant. Ordered food worth 2k only to find a cockroach in the biryani. I'm never ordering from these guys ever again.
Rated SINCE THE RESTAURANT IS FULLY RENOVATED BUT THE MANAGEMENT OF THIS RESTAURANT IS VERY BAD, I AM THE REGULAR CUSTOMER OF THIS RESTAURANT , WHEN I GO TO THE RESTAURNAT AND WANT TO ORDER FOR THE PARCEL , THE PERSON AT COUNTER HAS VERY ROUGHLY TOLD ME THAT I CAN NOT HEAR YOU AS I AM VERY BUSY IN ORDER AND ALSO HE IS NOT TOLD ME THAT YOU CAN WAIT FOR MOMENT , THE ORDER WILL TAKE AFTER SOME TIMES.SO ACCORDING TO MY REVIEW THE RESTAURANT FOOD IS QUITE GOOD BUT THE MANAGEMENT IS VERY BADSINCE THE RESTAURANT IS FULLY RENOVATED BUT THE MANAGEMENT OF THIS RESTAURANT IS VERY BAD, I AM THE REGULAR CUSTOMER OF THIS RESTAURANT , WHEN I GO TO THE RESTAURNAT AND WANT TO ORDER FOR THE PARCEL , THE PERSON AT COUNTER HAS VERY ROUGHLY TOLD ME THAT I CAN NOT HEAR YOU AS I AM VERY BUSY IN ORDER AND ALSO HE IS NOT TOLD ME THAT YOU CAN WAIT FOR MOMENT , THE ORDER WILL TAKE AFTER SOME TIMES.SO ACCORDING TO MY REVIEW THE RESTAURANT FOOD IS QUITE GOOD BUT THE MANAGEMENT IS VERY BAD
Rated Average. Heard about it longtime ago. Tried the Indian Mughlai delicacy. Chicken tikka. Worst. Dry. Looked like the chicken been there since a week. I was very disappointed. Thus thought to try Chinese I was in a bit hurry so I ordered triple chicken rice. Very ordinary. The omlette over the rice was dry The schezwan gravy was not tasty Chicken again baasi Verdict: please go at your own risk.
Rated A legendary place for Seekh Paratha. That's my favourite on their menu. The place has limited offerings on their menu but it's always crowded. The quality is not that bad either. It may look Shady from outside but the food is actually nice and you will see many families enjoy their meal there.
Rated Still I can't believe that , m writing this reviews for shalimar bhindi bazaar. Had dinner on sunday with some frnz. Crowded on Sunday, waiting is there but not more than 15-20 mins, my suggestion is don't visit on Sunday n holidays, food quality is pathetic. U will get ur order within 2-3 mins, ready food, cold food, even sizzler too. Quality was bad. Sorry but it's very embarrassing. seriously very unhappy with this thing. Only good thing was glass of water. You have to serve good quality food on holidays. Please take care of that.
Rated Crazy place to have a crazy evening! Ambience is perfeect to make this place a party place. Luckily, we went on Saturday night when they had Bollywood DJ night. DJ was epic, each and every person over there was dancing. Coming on food, we ordered Guangdong Chicken, Paneer Teriyaki and Herb Cream Sauce Pasta. Everything was decently presented, tasted good and was reasonable. Drinks are little expensive if you don't go during happy hours. Service is slow because they have very few people in staff.
Rated Chilled out place... Neat ambience and cheap beer also the pizzas served here are deliciously than any other outlets of jugheads... Mashed potatoes and corn cheese are must try side dishes
Rated Finally got a piece of the famed Toto's Garage- and it lived up to all the hype and hoopla about it. A little hole in the wall that oozes character and a certain aura in the dark hours, Toto's is as much about cheap booze and greasy snacks as it is about getting an inner circle view of the idiosyncrasies of a very eclectic bunch of co-guzzlers. Rub shoulders with a motley crew of interesting creatures of the night while you struggle to make yourself heard over the retro music and the grunge of gossip. Exchange pleasantries with genteel staff and smile at a stranger as the night wears on and you step out for a breather. Never elsewhere does the texture of the people of Delhi and Mumbai seem so stark as they do in a place like this.
Rated Toto's Garage .. A small restaurant, I personally found it a little shabby. My husband says this was the best hangout place 7yrs ago. For now i would say its a pocket friendly joint to sit, gossip, have beer. The place of kind of noisy and tables were placed so close that we could listen to the conversation happen on the next table. I thought they should add some cocktails and mocktails to the menu.
Rated it's packed. The well-located Copa, sprawls into three sections... an indoor, outdoor and an alfresco bar zone (wooden swings, et al.). We check out the indoor, air-conditioned space throbbing with DJ music, but prefer to hang around outside. Here, both in the drinks and the food, the unusual is highlighted in the familiar... for instance, in the robustly spiced Panko-crusted Keema Pao, the chicken is spiced with molagapodi and the burger has a Tandoori Paneer with jalapeo stuffing. These com
Rated a sports bar, more than half empty on a saturday night... during IPL... disappointed !! Came a long way to check out this place... will definitely try the food and drinks next time and review again
Rated Although the approach to the restaurant & the location may give you second thoughts but once you're inside it's really good. Some quirky pictures from GOT & Breaking Bad have been put up all over the place. Went here in the eve and it was moderately crowded. Food is really good. Try the very reasonable Bacon Bad Slider & The Chicken Barbeque Pizza. The only place, where football match was shown with commentary.
Rated The food is consistently good here but the servers are quite clueless about what's available. Also, this place is empty at lunchtime on Saturday, which is sad. I ordered a roast lemon chicken salad. No complaints but the ginger ale was yuck! they changed it, though.
Rated SPEND YOUR MONEY AT ANY OTHER PLACE BUT THIS ONE. Moms Tomato Soup hand no broth. It was just tomato puree with balls of chicken in it. Horrible. The Brick Chicken came with the same moms tomato soup poured over a stale and uncooked piece if chicken. The beans a potato are better not spoken about because they were beyond ridiculous. On complaining, there was no apology and the explanation was that since its leg piece, it is that way. So we got to know that a leg piece is supposed to be served stale and uncooked, chewy, rubbery and disgusting. We had no patience to argue and just left. Shut down instead of giving this crap...or just serve desserts instead of charging so much to screw up a lunch/dinner that people plan to enjoy with their friends/family.
Rated The place is a lil difficult to find, since it's inside Bandra's narrow lanes. We ordered a chicken burger, a lamb dish, and coffee. All three were below average in taste. The bun was hard, the lamb slightly undercooked and the coffee was okay-ish. It is quite expensive for the food and service they provide. The ambience is probably the only thing I liked. Very disappointing.
Rated Had called firni sweet dish and it was the worst that I ever had. Not tried their food ..Soo sorry guys that was a worst experience I ever had.
Rated Great Soup & Signature Soggy Pizzas We had started with the excellent Minestrone soup, it was yum. The brochette & pastas were very ordinary and nothing special. Being a large party, we ordered two meter long pizzas with 8 different pizzas among them, not sure which one I got to try but what stood out for me was the soggy crust. These are not your typical pizzas, they are so soggy than can be wrapped up as rolls, it’s still tasty thou, different from your normal crispy pizzas. Try the place keeping this quark in mind. The decor is casual cafe style with a Vespa scooty thrown in as a central piece. We had three kids in our party & they loved playing all around it. The prizes are steep & the food mediocre which is a shame considering its very difficult to go wrong with Italian cooking.
Rated Very disappointed! Leaves so much to be desired. I'm really not sure if I would recommend or return here. Very poor service- gave me a pasta instead of a pizza. Had to wait much longer for my order. When the food actually came, the pizza was just below average, less topping. I did complaint but was too hungry to wait any longer! The mango+coconut drink was excessively sweet- hardly any coconut there! I think I expected too much from this place. The service offered in Gurgaon was much better and exceeded expectations though.
Rated Grossly overcharged for a bottle of water - way above MRP. Unreceptive staff, and manager who refused to acknowledge our complaint. An unfortunate experience.
Rated A creative little place opened at the end of the Bandra reclamation road..The major problem is finding this place..trust me without Google maps u wud totally get lost..The best thing of this place is its theme..as its name suggest playlist pizzeria which hints u to select your own playlist(ingredients for making your own pizza)..However they do have an option of the readymade ones meaning already thought of the toppings sauces etc..They have this concept of small wooden block which is used as plates whereon they serve their food..Its a small place, hence gets crowded too soon..However the waiting period is usually not much since its not a typical bar where ppl order there drinks and than sit for hours..However the negatives of this place is their limited menu..they have very limited salads, mocktails and pastas..however they do compensate with the large varieties of pizza..You surely have to be a great pizza fan to like this place.. Ambience 3.5/5 Cost 4/5 Food 4/5 Service 4/5
Rated It is an Asian restaurant, it's not their fault they just are! I don't like Asian food and I was tricked into going there. So I hated the entire experience. But there was a silver lining, they allow you to bring your own booze! They charge ₹500 a bottle and provide you with the mixers and ice et al! So that was awesome!
Rated The quality of food is getting worse every time I visit. The Sushi is really tasteless as are the starters. Maybe they should focus on quality and not quantity
Rated If u r ay infinity mall.. And want to go light on ur stomach with some south Indian stuff.. This cud be ur choice of destination.. Have been here a couple of times.. And have never been disappointed
Rated There are always murmurs of discontent when I come to review Indian restaurants. How could my hum drum, Italo-English foreign palette have any understanding of the myriads of different regional cuisines in India. I do accept that point resignedly. However I would add that Old English food - I mean the type served in Victorian Britain of the 19th Century - does bear many similarities with Indian cuisine. Unlike Mediterranean cuisine, which uses herbs as the main conduit of flavour, English cuisine of that epoque in much the same way as Indian cuisine today placed a heavy emphasis on spices for flavour. Despite promising beginnings, English cuisine never truly evolved and as such gave way to pan-Mediterranean influences and to uniform blandness in many cases. Analogously, that weak milky English breakfast tea, which pervades nearly every UK household, never transformed into bold, sweet and spicy masala tea that now invigorates the senses and warms the heart in Indian households. Another digression! Back to Khyber. I see an English food critic with the same first name as me had visited the restaurant many years back and had given it a minor thumbsup (warmly reassuringly from a gentlemen who claims to have eaten at every 3* Michelin restaurant in the world) Khyber is, indeed, a wonderfully majestic maze of little rooms, marble floors and dark wooden tables. It's a beautiful setting, one which could only belong in the historical home of South Bombay. However, the food is no match. The starters that arrive are passable, but only in the same way that eating cornflakes for breakfast is a mildly satisfactory experience. The taste was familiar, reminiscent of countless generic Indian restaurants I have frequented. The paneer had an alarmingly red tandoori paste marinade smeared all over it. The corn tikki was a greasy affair, much like delving into a Vada Pav stall's cauldron. And the lassi I washed this all down with was expensive at nearly INR 300 The veg malai tikka - the true test of any potential Punjabi wife I am told - was a standout dish. The sauce was creamy, sweet and perfectly balanced by the slightly bitter cabbage inside the tikki. The black daal was a strange mix of too many lentils and pulses - kidney beans, different black daals etc - and was too thin for my taste. The mixed Sabji was heavy with too much cumin and reminded me of a mixed Sabji I had eaten the other week at Tawa (a horror story to be found on Turner road in Bandra) The other mains courses looked average: a leg of tandoori lamb again smeared in that heinously red tandoori paste and chicken tikka masala. Ultimately the grandeur of the interior overwhelms the average at times careless fare and much like the majority of British cuisine that has failed to redefine itself, the Indian cuisine at Khyber feels tired, worn out and in great need of reinvention.
Rated The delivery guy never has the change. He had taken 20 rupees extra last time and even today when I ordered, he fooled me (and I got fooled) by paying extra 20 rupees again. Frustrated. Never ordering from Taco Bell again. Please send change with your delivery boy so that he does not make extra money. Seriously salute.
Rated I did not enjoy the taste of falafel. Went for a combo pack which included falafel, nachos and mint lime juice.... The falafel was tasteless even the nachos. Mint lime juice was disgusting. Will never try falafel again... Waste of money..
Rated Pathetic service by the staff. Too slow! Had to wait almost 15 mins for a single meal order and that too when the place wasn't crowded that much. Place is huge and the food usual as other joints but the service needs to be improved!
Rated Big place so I never had any issues with it being too crowded although the route is very crowded. It's situated in a mall that's not so happening. Tastes like most kfc joints. Food quality is well maintained.
Rated Went over to order a Chicken Shawarma and saw a cockroach galavanting in the food cabinet. Lost my appetite and informed the server who proceeded to catch it with a tissue. Not eating there ever, neither should you if you want to avoid diseases, shudder to think what goes on in the kitchen.
Rated Yummy waffle . Well there is nothing much in it that can go wrong but their presentation and packing is good. Nutella along with crushed hazelnuts. Deadly combination.
Rated It's a bit overrated. The waffles seem good but they are a bit soggy. Is a bit pricey as compared to other waffle places but okay for a visit.
Rated Don't mind the subs pricing or their taste. What's disappointing is that whenever I've been here, either the toast oven is not working or they run out of olives/ jalapenos/pickles or some veggies smell stale. This is just not acceptable. Attention needed here!!
Rated The veggies were stale I said him to toast he always says the oven is not working and the sauces of my choice wer also not present service is very slow
Rated This was worst Dominos experience....... Cheese burst was without cheese, there was hardly any cheese inside which usually oozes out in other outlets.. May be they were finished with cheese. Sad
Rated Damn! Cinnabons in india finally. Wouldnt say that the taste of these matches upto those you wpuld have outside but well, these are cinnabons ❤. No matter how hard you try to look away, but the aroma of cinnamon will pull you to the counter & make you order your week full quota of calories. Must try is the classic cinnabon, chocobon is something which tastes like donut, the flavour of cinnamon is lacking & chocolate overpowers. Hence Wouldn't recommend this. Would have given a 5 rating but the attitude of the staff gets the pointer down. The staff is rude. They were reluctant to explain a customer about the menu & didn't even help her with the process of choosing what she should be trying first. Such attitude from the staff for the first cinnabon place in mumbai , wouldn't really take it far. navimumbaifoodjunkies.wordpress.com
Rated Rs.164/- for one slice of pizza are you guys kidding me??? I expected a lot from this place but was a big let down:(:(:( Firstly they serve you readymade pizza with very less toppings (I had Peri Peri Paneer) and hardly any traces of cheeze!!!!! Its not at all filling and complete waste of money. Now I am damn sure that Dominos is The Best and complete VFM.
Rated I didn't like their pizzas and garlic bread. The slices are big and quite filling but it lacks in taste...very bland. I won't go there again.
Rated It was sunday and i had Worst experience ever.. Fries basket average... Potato Wedges were not well cooked.. Cheese toast - Less cheese more bread.. Veg tacos were like eating pani puri.. Chicken tikka as hard as rubber.. No taste at all... Few drinks and we paid 3K for this useless food... around 600 rs taxes.. plus the swipe card machine was not working... Not enough staff to handle the sunday crowd.. Literally had to ask 3 times to give an order.. Bombay Blue i guess you should take this seriously... Had been to bombay blue 4 times to different locations but i guess this was the worst experience..
Rated This is my second time in Bombay Blue ( had been to andheri earlier ) and have similar experience - Good food but WORST SERVICE EVER! The menu is quite limited . But have no real complaints regarding the taste - ordered sizzlers , pasta , nachos- all tasty ( yet nothing spectacular ) But the waiter kept forgetting our order (literally! When we asked him after a while , he told he had forgotten to place our order O_O). Had to remind him twice for every dish. The billing took forever . Given that nothing is cheap , and they charge 10% service charge , I am totally disappointed.
Rated Another one on the Phoenix Kurla Food Court and it misses the point of being good. Late in the evening on the weekdays, the place is relatively free despite it the food takes a significantly long time to get delivered. We ordered for a portion of Veg. Momos, Chicken Momos and Veg. Basil Sauce with Veg Fried Rice. The portions took a decent wait time while rice and sauce were served cold. Something which irks you to the core. Now the sauce was expected to spicy which here was bland (looks they confused the orders). Momos were less steamed while the fillings were moderate. No for a second time.
Rated Essence of china as the name suggests its for the chinese lovers like me! Its located in the busy and noisy food court opposite rajdhani restaurant. They serve chinese items. We ordered chicken fried rice and chicken schezwan noodles. At first on seeing we wer upset looking at the quantity. Though the quantity for noodles was better but for rice was too less. But as soon as we started that leds rice seemed to be too much (i think the use of baking soda was too much due to wich spoonful of rice left us with heavy tummy) Coming to the taste its not out of the world neither too bad.. It is okay..
Rated Tried the chicken lollipop and chicken schezwan fried rice today ! They tested wel ! The chicken was well cooked ! But i found it slightly overpriced !
Rated Definitely not a place to recommend... We ordered a veg combo 1. Nothing except rice was enjoyable... Rolls were over fried, noodles were not even at room temperature but were cold. No difference in Manchurian and other gravy. Salad they forgot to serve and i need to ask for it. Took quite long time and people on counter had faces full of confusions. Pricing was good but wasted for me as we did not finished anything apart from rice. Taste: 1.5/5 Service: 2/5 Ambiance 3/5 Value for money: 1/5 Overall: 2/5
Rated As the name suggests - only parathas isn't about ONLY PARATHAS!! The famous food brand has expanded itself to serve various chat items other than it's name. One of the outlets at the food court in infinity mall. So there's nothing to talk about it's ambience, theme and decor. FOOD - 2 stars. A customised double layer paratha with stuffing of paneer, aalu, mutter and mint. Good portion size, served with achar, raita and salad the only thing I want to complain about is taste!! Less of salt and bland in taste. Mushroom paratha - All time favourite mushrooms were ordered in a single layer paratha. Again the same problem with the taste - BLAND! NOTE - Found a strand of hair in it a turn off. The staff replaced it immediately and offered any paratha of my choice as a replacement. Mushroom and onion paratha - With the addition of onion the taste of paratha deteriorated even more making it worse to consume. Mango lassi - average in taste wasn't served chilled either. VERDICT - A disappointing experience!! Although the quality of food and portion size was commendable it lacked big time on taste! As the PARATHAS failed to satiate the place is no Value for money. Ratings - Food and Value for money.
Rated When trying new places you ought to make mistakes in choosing. Mauja was one of them. We ordered paneer tikka roll and singapore noddles. At first I thought it was the taste, but later got to know the paneer was stale. That was a total waste of Rs. 150. The singapore noddles were cold and felt like they were made a day prior. Lesson learnt not to eat at a place where the average ratings are below 4.
Rated There can be surprises in the strangest of places. What does one expect in Vile Parle East - the lackluster sibling of Vile Parle West? The area has no famous landmark to its name other than being somewhat close to the airport. Well, I may have just discovered a potential landmark mateys. The place maybe small but move aside Dominoes, Pizza Hut, Smokin Joes and Garcia - Here comes Pizza Box. ... Read full post on grubzone.blogspot.com
Rated Quick service and good food. Few restaurants can manage both . Veggie salt n pepper was deep fried veggies in corn batter. Huge quantity of veg fried rice. Slightly dry and cold when it reached. So they may hv kept it prepared for quick delivery. Paneer with basil gravy was ok.
Rated One of the many Pandas in Andheri.. This one surely has been a great combination of value for money good food with unmatched quantities. I have eaten couple of times at the older outlet (7 bungalows) and also ordered when the requirement was for a larger gathering. Their momos, panda rice, thai curry, burnt garlic gravy, black bean sauce, pot rice never failed to please. Desi likeable preparations of Asian cuisine meant for people who like their food full of flavor and spice. However, I happened to order from the new outlet last weekend and was in for a big disappointment. The burnt chicken starter had zero flavor.. Chicken chilli basil sauce was the worse iv ever tasted.. Seemed like someone added lots of water after the sauce was cooked. And the noodles bland. Overall it was a bad bad experience. I'm not sure if the chef changed along with the location or if it was a just bad day. I'm still not giving up (primarily coz of my previous experiences).. But the Panda henceforth will have to deliver..
Rated UGHHH Never go in there thinking because they are good at most stuff, they ought to be good at all... Had a Nighmarish experience with the Chocolate Pancake ordered. It smelled funny, it tasted something that had gone spoilt, the ice-cream that we ordered as an added topping was a killjoy, worst Vanilla ice cream ever tasted. If that wasn't punishment enough, the so called "pancake" had granules of sugar standing out & tasted like what Gordon Ramsay must spit. I contemplated if I can make myself suffer to a second bite of the brown leathery textured sadness but I just couldn't. So I left it at that. To the restaurant peeps, please & I say please just put on the menu thing you CAN COOK & not what YOU THINK YOU CAN COOK. It would have been perfectly alright if we returned back home on an empty stomach than to have gone through the sad odyssey served to us that no way classifies as a Dessert. By serving your customers what you are clearly not good at, you are creating unfavorable critics & not loyalists. Nobody should have to pay for the food that is not even eligible as edible. Please get better soon.
Rated This place is located very close to my college. Used to visit during class breaks for quick bites. South indian section is good. The place you will find is always crowded as Sion railway station is also very close
Rated A nice place to have meals. I had veg biriyani thali here which was tasty. Beware because this place is always crowded on peak hours. Two bad things about this place is that they have slow service and in rush hours, the restaurant becomes conjusted and sometimes you are sitting comfortably but you cannot eat comfortabley.
Rated Poor food. Poor service. Poor ambience. Recently myself and my friend were going out somewhere so in the urgency we decided to go to this place. We ordered Half chicken tandoori biriyani and half chicken tikka biriyani as he said full would be a lot for a single person. When the order came he got us full biriyani and when we complained about this, instead of changing the food, he was stubbornly arguing with us. And after long bicker, he changed the food and brought us few spoons of rice(literally few spoons) and a single piece of chicken (about an inch). The full plate of biriyani was having a big heap of rice. I would never go to this place again. This is the second time I have been treated like this by raju kabab. The first time, it was something related to food delivery, where the food was cold and tasteless. Basically 1. Food - 5/10 2. Ambience - 3/10 3. Service- 0/10 (I would like to give my rating in negative)
Rated Worst among 3 outlets. Had gone there twice and ordered one. Always been disappointed with the taste. Their Burnt Garlic Rice is a normal fried rice with just some garlic in it. Not burnt neither fried. Even place doesn't look hygienic at all.
Rated Firstly, Dominos is very misleading with its advertisements. This stands true atleast in India. I've had Dominos in Melbourne and the one in India comes nowhere close to it. It needs to up its standard, both quality-wise and ambience/service-wise. I've had bad experiences in the past regarding the service; also in case of home delivery, the pizza toppings do not seem as 'fresh' and 'premium' as they say on the box. The Choco Lava cake is the only good stuff they offer, but in the Versova branch, even that wasn't upto the mark. 1 star for the Choco Lava cake and 1 for its within-30-minutes delivery.
Rated Already at a very bad location and on top of that the place does not have an AC section we had to sit on the outside after we just came out of the scorching heat. On top of that we ordered for a take away and even that wasnt provided with oregano and the regular add ons the staff seems to be lost. The pizzas are the only saviours out here Ambience: 1/5 Food: 3/5 Service: 0.5/5
Rated Visited this place after reading reviews on Zomato, was disappointed. Thought to kick start by ordering Aloo Paratha..the preparation had no salt..when told them about this, they offered some dal..May be a bad day for me !
Rated Over hyped place on Zomato. Had ordered Dinner for two from them today at 8pm through Zomato. Got messages on the app and sms confirmation that the order was placed successfully and would be delivered by 8.53. Their delivery guy landed at our doorstep at 8.52. I was on a phone call and took the parcel and paid up ₹830. They charge for packaging ₹50. To our horror when we opened the plastic bag we found that the chutney zip bag had leaked all over the boxes. If I had noticed this I would have not accepted the delivery. Now since it was already dinner time we decided to go ahead. We found a small plastic bowl with the main curry Dum ka Murg which we found a bit lesser qty than desired. Next we found the foil box containing the Murg Angara Kabab (ice cold) with six pieces. And another foil box holding the Murg Dum Biryani the qty was sufficient. The packaging cost charged is unnecessary due to inferior quality of packs mainly the foil packs which were getting out of shape while only holding them and taking it out of the plastic bag. We had ordered for two Roomali Rotis but were instead served two normal homemade tasteless Chapatis. Totally unacceptable. Now coming to the overall taste, the food is very ordinary in fact most dishes lack the masalas and spices needed. The pieces of chicken can be better and the rice used can also be improved on.
Rated This place is famous for their signature waffles and we too decided to indulge in some delightful sin. The decor and ambience is very sober yet welcoming and we were famished by the aroma of the coffee and waffles. However the service is tad slow. Coming to their waffles, we ordered Chocolate Explosion Waffle which was every bit dipped in chocolate served with whipped cream and ice cream. We were far from satiated and contented with our order. The prices are slightly on the higher end but fully justified with the taste. Would love to try their other waffles and dishes on the menu in our next visit.
Rated The Janata bar of andheri. Don't let the exterior fool you. You can have cheap alcohol and smoke in the account. Don't expect too much... Sasta sundar tikau
Rated If you are really tired after office and need a drink or two in peace - this is the place to be. If you keep going here you will notice that the people coming here everyday are almost the same. Cheap drinks, cheap food, dim lighting, smoky rooms along with a old crt TV are the things that define the place. This is the place where great conversations, stories and businesses start.
Rated We have always loved their shawarmas but such low rating because of very bad experience at this outlet, not once but twice. We went here to grab Chicken Shawarma, but eventually tried Veg Falafel open & classic chicken shawarma. Veg Falafel open has falafel, garlic sauce, pita bread, lettuce & pickle. First, the way it was presented was shocking! Don't go by pictures, it's just opposite of that, dry pita bread, stale lettuce (brown spots on it), garlic sauce & pickle are Ok. With so many outlets around the city, it's a shame to taste something like this. Chicken shawarma was average, they have reduced the amount of chicken and it lacks that juicy Flavor it used to have earlier. We ignored it this time, assuming it's one of those days. Went here after two weeks or so for Classic Chicken Shawarma, and amazingly, the pita bread wrapped around, was hard, stale, and the chicken was so dry, without any Flavor, just a little bit of mayonnaise & hummus on the top. Somehow managed to finish the shawarma, we had a very bad stomach ache; this is just not acceptable. It's a shame on a brand, let alone live up to expectation, they have let down their customers!! We couldn't complain about the quality of shawarma as we did a take away. Certainly not recommending their food, at least the food should not make one sick. Hope they can do something about this! Food- 1/5 Service- 1.5/5 Quality & quality - 1/5
Rated It takes more than 10 minutes to know that your order will take more 5 minutes. It was a tough time for me to differentiate between the popcorn and the strips I ordered. Had tried MFC 2 years ago@ Mira road.. They were initially at par with KFC but now they are way toooooooo far. Poor service/Bad taste/They reuse the same oil again and again/ A definite yes if you wanna treat your enemy.....
Rated Crazy cold coffee, chocolate cookie, hazelnut ice latte, frappe and much more the list is never ending and so the taste and aroma. Located quite close to my house it's good to chill with your friends.
Rated Very slow service. No proper sitting arrangements , and smells bad due to the poultry besides it. Now for the food , it's just average compared to the price point they are offering , nothing special about it I ordered potato wedges and paneer makni pizza
Rated worst service ever. we were seated on terrace section of the restaurant. we ordered sheesha,chilly chicken starter,roasted papad,chicken tikka masala gravy ,dal makhani and couple of breads. firstly waiter forgets to place our order. another waiter comes and ask what our order is. waiter who had taken the order is rude and shows no apology and infact argues with us. food arrives first and sheesha comes later. best part they forget to serve dal makhani with food. completely pathethic service and very average food which is over priced.
Rated Went with high hopes of getting pure south indian food - break fast. But it turned out disappointed choice. As it was sunday as usual rush was there. So server was busy. Ordered Idli, Butter Idli, Upma, Firni, Sada dosa. Rava sada. Mysore sada dosa, vada, Lemon Drink, Filter coffee. Only Idli were little hot, all other food was cold, asked server at last to take back dosa, only one was re served but that too again cold. May be due to rush & also sitting upstairs was the reason. Management needs to think seriously & immediately for such type of service.
Rated I have loved the kebabs here all the time. they just melt in the mouth. Also the famous Raan rice or the Raan chilly is to die for. I just simply love it... only last time i ordered for a Persian special chicken Biryani was very bad. no taste at all... no masala and very oily, was too depressed at that biryani may be its not a dish people order here...
Rated The ambience is better then the byculla outlet. In the heart of bandra. It was engagement party of a friend. We ordered: - Morroccon Kababs - Mix Tikka Platter - Honeymoon Special dessert P. S. - don't miss any from the above list, you will be feeling guilty for life.
Rated I search zomato for writing a review on Moni's and the biggest surprise is the rating! 3.8, seriously for a place as pathetic as this? Is it the nostalgia associated with it or have they paid the reveivers for better ratings? Thane definitely has restaurants which are much much better than this place for them to give a rating of this calibre One visit for a party and this place made sure it disappointed on most of the aspects. An empty restaurant and people do take time to come for the party but the waiters don't even bother to serve water unless asked explicitly. And after the table was full, water was the only thing was was served quickly! The captains are not able to suggest any decent starter unless we ask them about every single type for which they have the same reply. So we went for sholay kebab and banjara kebab and this was the smallest overpriced kebab I have ever had in a casual restaurant. 8 servings for 8 people and the kebabs were as small as they can get. The size of Sholay kebabs was hidden by serving them in a continuous layer half of which was occupied by the masala! This was the beginning of disappointments. Only mint chutney served with kebabs and an extra serving of a small bowl of schzewan chutney costs 40 bucks! This is pure loot. Cheeselings served in a bowl as small as the small ashtray for 25 and we expected a small plate at the least. Going back to starters, the kebabs' taste didn't even compensate for the quantity and even the vegetarian starter was so dry it will spoil your taste buds. We again made the mistake of taking the captain's recommendation for the gravies and it turned out that both the gravies hardly had any noticeable difference between them. The chicken pieces were like the ones used in soups and if this is what they serve when asked for a thick gravy, something is wrong. The only good part of the dinner were the butter nans which turned out to be eye watering expensive. Perhaps this is the only place which serves nans before the gravies for them to become cold! The decently priced mousse were our choice fof desserts and luckily there wasn't enough stock left to serve a group of 12. Yes I did mention luckily since I am sure that they are selling out sourced desserts for a big premium and going by their pricing, I can guess the serving size of the mousse that costs 40 bucks which the captain desperately wanted us to order 9 servings they had. Without the soups, rice and desserts, drinks or soft drinks our bill exceeded 3900. And knowing the usua pricing in similar restaurants, we expected it to be in the range of 2.5-3K and this was the biggest shock of the night. First and last visit to this place even when I am tempted by the chinese starters since I won't ever eat at a place where the humble fried rice costs 250 bucks for the normal ambience. Thanks Moni's for spoiling the birthday party night. Rinkesh Gokulchandani Hitesh Duseja
Rated One of my all time favourite restaurants in Thane. Have been here plenty of times with my friends, family, girlfriend (now wife 😉) and Monis has never failed to disappoint . Chicken Shashlik sizzler is the patented dish that is a must have. They have great choices of various cuisines in both veg and non veg options. Only thing to look at is that it's mostly full on the weekend. Parking is an issue so your car may become a liability.
Rated Taste not upto the mark didn't like it at all and the pav bhaji was also served cold worst experience people come from far places and they are not satisfied people who have extra money can waste here
Rated Tried the tandoori roti and chicken afghani.. Terrible food.. Huge chunks of partially boiled chicken added in the gravy and served. Tandoori roti was decent. The service is as bad as the food.. They don't care even if you tell them that the chicken is not cooked. I struggled to gulp a chunk of chicken but it refused to go down my throat. 3 glasses of water helped. Not recommended at all.
Rated This place has some excellent food and beverages. The only thing that disappointed me here was the services. They took more than half hour to give us the pastas. The services are quite slow. The food on the other hand was mama Mia. The crowd here speaks volumes about the taste. Beautiful place to chill for the noon.
Rated Veryy bad place....not worth going ever...The staff here which consists of two people and that also on a Saturday was very unfriendly. Food was pathetic...we ordered pasta which had brown sauce ( I wonder how you make that)..it tasted like some horrible vegetable gravy...we ordered shakes which were also below average...There is nothing good about the place..highly disappointed :(
Rated Argh....and the people have the nerve to call this a pasta joint. A pasta plate which completely has the wrong sauces & the ingredients. The dude from bihar making the pasta does not know what it is. The people standing & having it dont know exactly what they are having. CALAMITOUS. The pasta with the pink sauce was flooded (to put it mildly) with cheese, cheese & nothing else but cheese. It was a challenge to locate any pasta in there. The dish tasted like a cheesed up rice dish desperately lacking an flavors. It is true that cheese shall be added to the pasta but everything shall be used in proportion & not in desperation the way these guys use. To make it worse these folks stand outside & have a lip smacking meal thinking they are having pasta. Dumb a** mumbaikars.
Rated I am a huge fan of street food and roadside eateries and came here with a lot of expectations. We found it to be very crowded and the staff were hardly able to manage the pressure, which is not surprising. However, the dishes that we tried did not live up to the hype. Probably we ordered the wrong items. The red sauce was way too sour which completely killed the goodness of the cheese and cream. The dishes come in large portions and are quite filling.
Rated Tried Pack-A-Pav at the Bombay fusion food setup at the Style Cracker Borough this weekend! Tried them and I landed up eating all my meals from this stall! The staff was really courteous. Called for the chicken herb pav! The hung curd, their garlic dip and fried onions with their succulent chicken sheekh made it a power meal. Throughly enjoyed it and I'm definitely going to their Bandra outlet to get some more ✌🏼️
Rated This is simple yet full of flavor. Tastes very good !! The herb chicken seekh pav ❤ Juicy chicken seekh with hung curd , chutneys and fried onions and ofcourse the buttered pav!! Served with fryums.
Rated Hi Pack @ Pav, Tried to locate you guys on given address, was impossible to find this place, please update your location with landmark. Pack@Pav fan😊
Rated One of the very few vegetarian places where I love to visit again and again. Don't need a reason to be here. I was wondering that how come I missed reviewing this one. You'll be sitting on plastic chairs on the side of the streets and enjoying delicacies with a taste of their own. Cheesy nachos, pastas, pahadi pizza, sandwiches, sizzlers and the shakes and juices. you'll love it all. A must visit to have a different experience. #beware: long waiting time is a common problem for all. Service: 4.5/5 Food: 4.5/5
Rated Never understood the reason why this place is so crowded. The dishes taste absolutely disgusting. The manager is rude to the core. Other roadside stalls besides this place are way better.
Rated Went recently to celebrate a friends surprise birthday party. What a disappointment it turned out to be. Had it not been for very helpful servers, it would have been almost zero rating. I may sound very critical but the experiences were getting bad to worse. First the layout. I feel just to cramped for a up market restaurant, except for few left side along the wall setting, rest were so cramped that one would have to be extra careful to weave across to the buffet. We started at chat counter. Panny Puri has extra salty water and extra sweet chutney. So one ended with strong appetite killer. The chat's too ended being too salty. We thought maybe it was a fault at chat counter, but no the extra salt bit was there in most of the dishes (vegetarian) that we tried. Only things with reasonable salt were Soup and Pasta. Had to survive only on those. Desserts were quite below standard. Cutlery was not looking clean, had dried water marks over them. Airconditioning was lacking big time, it was more sweaty inside than outdoors and it was too stuffy too. Overall, people working there were excellent, but infrastructure lacked big time. I won't be going there again.
Rated Went here with a friend. Had quite an average experience. Their brewed beer was very ok, if brewery is what one is looking for then I'd suggest Doolally any day which is right around the corner. It was a ladies night when we went and while initially we were told the deal was one shot free on a coupon, and a one plus one on any alcoholic beverage, it was much after we had ordered that a senior staff person came and told us the deal was strictly on a wine glass. The food is strictly average and nothing to die for. Finally, the check too came with an extra billing which really put me off. All in all not a terrible experience but most definitely no seconds for me on this one.
Rated Spacious place good interior however very poor quality beer which was a major disappointment, their apple cider was the worse beer served compared Dulali located close-by.
Rated Yuck, Yuck, Yuck😨😨😨 Strictly No No I mean this is a truck driver joint. The cook scratches his head and then makes the dough with his hands. I mean roadside wadawalas have better hygiene levels. The waiters are dirty. You can sit in AC cabins but the food is prepared by dirty hands.
Rated I have been ordering from UTBT since a few years now. This had by far been my worst experience. We ordered for a home delivery of butter garlic pizza, Utbt special garlic bread and stuffed ravioli with paprika sauce. The only think that was OK was the garlic bread. The pizza wasn't thin crust as it used to be, it was super chewy (not properly baked, I guess) and there was no taste of garlic in it ! The ravioli was so bland and tasteless. Really really disappointed. Definitely never ordering from here again.
Rated Had gone here a while back. Somehow I found this place to be average. The food was also ok... the paneer lifafa. Dabeli bruschetta. Several puri tacos. Paneer chilly... nothing really to write home about. The staff was quite clueless and very hurried. Place was noisy and tables were way too close to each other.
Rated Went for a family dinner there... The food was very OK u get better food at Peshawari and spice club... Peshawari type of food is what they were trying to replicate but have miserably failed.... The major flaws 1) there was a fly in the soup which is absolutely disgusting... Not only that the table where we were sitting there were quite a few small flies hovering around... They should invest in a good pest control system to sustain in the food business that is basics... 2) 3 family members fell sick the next day either with an upset stomach or vomiting... Obviously it's a case of food poisoning.... Again no basic hygiene maintained... The stewards try so hard to talk in English... It's a not a requirement to speak in English it's OK to talk in the national language...I haven't rated any restaurant so low but seriously yourl need to improve
Rated Heard a lot about this place finally tried veg burger.. Complete disaster.. The bread very very hard could hardly chew it.. The panner filling was also ok not that great.. Compared to the quality pricing is also on the higher side.
Rated I first tried California pizza kitchen in Ohio around 3 years back and tried again couple of days back. I ordered chicken fajita. The best part of pizza was the sour cream. People in India don't know the combination of sour cream + pizza I was glad that CPK understood :-) Sorry no pics
Rated It's a cafe in Malad in mindspace behind infinity 2 a gud place for gossip ambience is really gud....my personal fav drink is ferrero rocher n after that bronze frost both r different from each other ferrero rocher is little sweet n bronze frost is little dark both r gud at there own place
Rated Over priced is what comes to my mind first when I sit to write this review. The portion size might be huge but you can't eat such a big sizzler. Becomes a bit monotonous too. The service is okay and it's on the roadside so somehow I felt there was too much sound each time someone walked in or out. I would suggest going only if you are really very hungry and can gobble down a big sizzler.
Rated We had received a flyer about the ice cream in the news paper and went overboard in ordering 4 tubs of three different favors . .... Thai., rose almond and sitaphal. The whole process of ordering and the quality of the Icecream left a distaste in our mouth. The hyped hand churned Icecream was powdery and synthetic tasting and passed their prime. .... there was also no manufacturing date and expiry date on the pack .When I called up to convey the feedback on the same number I was told that it will be conveyed to the office . And that was it . No apologies , no make good . A rip off for Rs 300 and 350 for 500 ml tubs
Rated After having dinner at cream centre,for desert we headed to sukh sagar for strawberry with cream. To be honest it wasnt what I expected it to be probably never gonna have it again. Disappointed but shall come for more
Rated It's always crowded, too noisy, Staff does not care, very uptight staff and service very slow Prices are very steep. Personally I would not recommend this place, nothing exclusive about this place. The attitude of staff and services needs to changes for the good. Hope the management reads this and does the needful
Rated Small place.. but gud food... tasty limited dishes.... stomach filling portions... quantity is superb.. all in all gr8 veg n jain chinese.. try it out once....
Rated Great expensive ice cream. They let people taste each and every flavor. Had Chocolate to Die For with Goldmine. Both taste different of course. Eat both flavors together when hard, taste bittersweet. But mixed (blended) liquid state tastes awesome.
Rated Ohh! What can I say about this place? The ice Cream over here left me speechless. I had gone over here a long time back but yet I remember what we had called for. 1) Litchi 2) Swiss chocolate 3) Chocolate to die for. All 3 were just amazing. It was a bit expensive and the prices were not mentioned but the taste covers for all the loss. It is OK to spend more on amazing ice cream. I never knew cream centre had a ice cream parlour brand, we just walked in there as we wanted something cold to eat. Turns out the ice cream was fabulous.
Rated We went to this place seeing the 4.4 review points but was really disappointed with the total experience. Being a Sunday we were, as expected, made to wait for 30 minutes, which was not bad being a Sunday afternoon. The food was a disappointment, with the parathas being friend with oil dripping. The gobhi paratha had more onion than gobhi and the paneer parathas was oily and tasteless. The mawa muttar was Infact paneer matar and there was no trace of any mawa. The saving grace was the Kheer & Aamras which was good . This is small place with cheap pricing and suit the students but not for families who want to enjoy good food. I would rather avoid this in the future.
Rated Worst service ever!! After an hour of placing a telephonic order the ***** people tell that "We are sorry, we dont deliver at this particular location".. The person on the counter is complete dumb and insane, neither noting the contact no. properly nor knowing whether the order gets delivered to the location noted. Do not place telephonic order to such deaf people.
Rated Had been long wanted to try frozen yogurt here & to say I was disappointed was understatement. The small place feels cramped & the AC too was not working. Small size was not available. Tried the Mango & Chocolate flavors with extra toppings. The yogurt taste stale & kind of curdled. Really horrible. Would never recommend.
Rated Probably one of the worst places ever. I just went in to check the place out. I asked for a blueberry yogurt but I instead got a strawberry one due to their carelessness. According to the quantity, I thought that it's a bit expensive. The texture of the yogurt was also not good. The staff was very rude at speech. Not planning to visit there again.
Rated Ordered a millionaire brownie and a loaf of mawa cake this week. Really bad quality of both. The millionaire brownie had a kilo of extra sugar and tasted horrible. The mawa cake was under-cooked and tasted of ghee throughout. Extreme disappointment with a place that has been a favourite for a long time now.
Rated Annoyed! Doesn't live up to the Peddar road and colaba outlet standards. Had a chocolate overload brownie (my regular). It was pathetic, very hard in one corner even after heating it. I'd stick to the Peddar road branch
Rated This is right besides the Wilson College at chowpatty. This Starbucks outlet is bigger than the other ones. The staff is a bit on the deaf side and don't do what we ask them to. The people here talk way too much and there's a major major lack of the coffee smell! The smell which always makes me want to go to the coffee shops is missing here. It's an alright place for a late night coffee run.
Rated The name is big,but this outlet is worst place I have been at Amar juice centre in mumbai Parle,Andheri,thane is good Chowpatty is worst,the server put his finger in water before serving you The food quality is not good,pls avoid this place strictly
Rated These chains have gone quite far downhill from what they used to be. 3 types of chicken sizzlers all tasted below mediocre and i would not plan to experiment here again.
Rated If there was 0 or -5 scoring I think I would give this to you. Sat night. Restaurant less than half empty. The staff was clueless about describing the menu. Not their fault. Bad training I guess. Mosquitos in the restaurant. I'm scared to think how this kitchen must be. I've never had such a bad experience with food. The kids burger n hot dog was below average. Something has gone very wrong with this place.
Rated Decided to try a different cuisine for dinner and came across this mexican cuisine place on zomato. Tried Grilled Fish Panini and Chipotle Rice Bowl and was not disappointed. Quality food and service.
Rated Omg! Called this place for home delivery...and so called Mexican place has no tortillas or tacos!!! Apparently. So I order the THC burger based on these raving reviews which are so over the top like it's paid for or some dear freind writing. SAD. This burger was nothing but chilly in my mouth. No sourcream. Scanty lettuce. Like this is the worst meal I've had in years no...not years...ages. Are people on drugs liking this crap or what? Realised cannot count on these dumb Zomato shit ratings. I was anyways leary eating a Mexican burger...urrrhhh ye...doesn't match on a bun hombre! You not creating any gourmet here puhleeeze. The chicken was grilled well but the burger and bun absolutely no go with the awful chili sauce...u can't taste anything but chili. Bandra you are thoroughly deprived of good food. Now if this came in a tortilla it would be something else... I call and the guy on the phone says no we don't serve tortillas or tacos... Is this a...like a Mexican place or even with some grace Yes me....? Or some Indo-Mexico bakwaas...? Please I mean this population of Mumbai may sustain these guys for a bit. Definitely not real Mexican nor tex mex and people who think it is, need to get a reality check ...or actually visit Mexico or rather even California. GEEZ. Never ordering from here again. I'm so sorry this is so much of a wanna be place. It's popular because it's cheap. I get that. But guys get tortillas or tacos!! and get real..Locals...Mexicans don't eat burgers. Chinga.
Rated Ordered from Zaffran some time back. The food was not bad. For the prices, it was strictly average. I did like the quality of produce they used, but the food was swimming in oil. Reminded me of the old days when you had to sieve out the oil from cheap takeaways. Not bad really.
Rated Ambiance: Dull and lifeless. They need a serious revamp. The furniture and the eatery both are in the desperate need of a revamp. Food: We ordered white sauce pasta for kids,which came with the tomatoes ( I mean are you serious.) The vegetable sizzler with garlic sauce and mushroom was below average. The nazi veg sizzler was better. Chicken sizzler apprantly was relished by my non veg companions. Chilly garlic noodles were just a about average. All this for not a cheap price. Service: apparently there was only one server on the upper floor where we were sitting. May be he was over worked but he was just about reluctant for everything, whether it was about joining the seats for eight people or bringing the plates. Overall not a great experience. I don't think I would visit it anytime soon.
Rated Being a true sizzler fan, this place was on my must visit list in Mumbai.. and after I visited the place I can easily say wherever you go your experience at kobe remains the same... I was a frequeng goer to the only one restaurant they had in Delhi for the amazing sizzlers they used to serve and the taste was pretty much the same at the Mumbai outlet as well.. the menu was a little limited at the Mumbai version but in terms of portion size, presentation and the taste, it was almost the Delhi kobe for me.. another thing which was similar to the Delhi version was the inefficient service and poor upkeep of the place (and I think this was the reason it was poorly rated, had fewer visitors and hence was closed down)... All in all, if u love sizzlers and going out means only food for u this place is a must go.. but if u r the one who is not a fan of sizzlers and pay heed to the ambience and service, just avoid... Since m the first category I wish with all my heart that Kobe comes back to Delhi...
Rated Real bad. The sizzler was burnt as you can see in the pictures, we even found a strand of hair which is visible in the white plate. Completely dissatisfied, will never come back here.
Rated Went here for my birthday and it was a crazy night. Food is great the drinks are crazy as shizz and with my friends this place rocked. I may not remember much from that night but I know that everything was perfect..!!
Rated If you ignore the weird crowd that comes here, the place is actually not half bad. You can choose what you're in the mood for - loud music or a slightly less noisy evening basis which level you sit
Rated Have a craving for junk food while roaming in bandra and want a better alternative then Macdonalds or KFC, head directly to this place and it won't disappoint, had ordered crispy chk burger meal and double XX Canadian chk wrap and both were very well prepared, the only downside of this place is that it's small and bugs flying even though it's AC, otherwise it's an excellent option.
Rated I was hoping for more...not so much more on the food (that I knew was bit of a risk)...but on the service. We reached there around 10.15pm...and that, I realized, was the mistake. The staff was hurried, somewhat tired, confusing and pathetically slow at the same time. I was hoping that they would acknowledge our anniversary (which I had mentioned at the time of booking our table). That did not happen. What I could never figure out is why were two sets of people (one waiter and one staff in each set) serving us. Lastly, we ordered the kolokithi starter and the kous kous main course. Average at best. I have a lot of regard for Taj Hotels in general, but I won't recommend this restaurant.
Rated This is a Fine Dining Specialised cuisine restaurant focused on Middle Eastern and Lebanese culinary arts! Everything is very special here! The smallest detail is a matter of concern to all of the team ! The Chiefs are the real thing! Highly trained and experienced artists! You should love humus and sesame seeds! Many people have an allergy! But not a problem; just tell your waiter ! But call ahead and book a chair at a table ! Christopher INDIA HOUSE pune
Rated Had gone Farmhouse in evening to experience the soothing ambience ... The view is good with Sea nearby ... but instead my experience was ruined as there were too many mosquitoes... Because they themselves throw the waste or the garbage nearby... Can't you have a big dustbin and dump everything there... The 3 stars is for the service and the setup foe the table with the candle ... As far as food is concerned, I had visited with my friend , had Cheesy fingers in starters , which were just so ok... bcoz had sour cream taste rather than cheese... And Masala Papad was good to have... In drinks, we ordered Vasai Sunshine and Electric Lemon.. They were good..specially Vasai Sunshine... Main course comprised of Veg Dum Biryani which was not so good as they had not cooked it upto the mark... Overall , it wasn't great.. but if you dont have any options and wanna try seafood.. Then go for Farmhouse....
Rated If I were to describe this place in one word : over rated. We made a reservation for 2 and were seated at the table right next to the entrance. There were a bunch of other empty tables but on requesting to be seated elsewhere, they refused to do so. Being an open roof restaurant, it was infested with mosquitos. Food taste - 4/5; portions : 3/5 Cost - 3/5 Service - 4/5
Rated The food is highly overpriced and poor quality. I used to love the nachos here but the taste is all lost now. It isn't even a great place to hangout at. Overall Alfredo's is overrated.
Rated Not good! The place was dirty when we entered. I was left with no option but to order 'Diet' coke as regular coke was not unavailable. The chicken I ordered was okayish. I hope the other outlets offer better food & service. A tad disappointed.
Rated My review might not even match the average rating but this is based on the kind of service we got and what we had expected of Sheesha. The staff was least concerned to even take our order, we were sitting on the table for nearly 25 mins and nobody served us even a glass of water which is a basic courtesy. Finally a waiter came and we ordered a Masala rumali roti which is a signature dish at Sheesha restaurants. I was shocked looking at quantity of masala, we we even asked the waiter to get it checked but we got a straight forward answer that "itna masala hi aata hai". The rumali tasted good but it was the experience which made us go from their without ordering dinner.
Rated I personally did not the like the food here. We ordered for bagel which had really bitter cucumber in it. They should add cucumbers only after tasting. We ordered 3 types of Maggi. All 3 were pathetic
Rated One of the worst places for vegetarian food. In the restaurant they have smoked it with anti mosquito gases so heavily that you can hardly breathe. On top of that the good was awful. Beware.
Rated Disappointed! I had gone with certain expectations and it didn't fare even close to it. Give it a miss. Seriously. The servers are clueless. They don't know jack about the dishes. The jalapeño poppers were decent. The lemon iced tea horrible and the ravioli okay-ish. The vibe was humdrum, the servers least bothered and the food forgettable. Juhu has a lot of better options specially for that pricing. They even refused to give us games saying it's Sunday and according to policy they don't give games on Sunday. Disappointing. Go to quench above or Starbucks below. Or another joint close by.
Rated Iv always been a fan of Moshe.... The first outlet I went to was in Kemps Corner, inside crossword and I loved the concept of reading and having a hot coffee with desserts or sweet breads. I have visited the Juhu Moshe often as I live close by but over time it has REALLY disappointed me. I get the feeling the management doesn't care, staff is casual and not interested. The tables are dirty, the place looks shabby and all in all the quality of everything- food, service and the place has fallen drastically. I love u guys, please fix and I shall be back again 👍😀
Rated Horrible service. We came into a full cafe (this time the wrong indicator as this is a restaurant that needs to be avoided). 1. We were 4 people squeezed at a table for 2. When a bigger table was available the staff didn't bother to tell us. 2. Most of the dishes on the menu were not available. When I pointed it out to the waiter and asked him "how come?", he replied with facial expressions and gestures something that I interpreted as "what's your problem? You wanna fight?". 3. Everything took a long time to arrive / didn't arrive at the same time and we had to wait for all dishes to arrive to start together. 4. We often had to call the waiters two or three times before they came. And their general appearance was unfriendly and aggressive. (If this was Delhi, I would have probably had a street fight). 5. Water was dripping from a whole in the ceiling on my arm. I pointed it out to the waiter who replied.. " yeah yeah, that's just temporary." 6. When I asked for the bill, a man who seemed to be the manager throughout to our table. Not sure, I asked for the manager. He confirmed that he was the one. I told him I would like to share to points as feedback: unfriendly staff and water falling from the ceiling. He said sorry that's just temporary. (I wonder which one he meant. But won't go back to check.) gwendaglocalista.com
Rated Had some Insane Chocolate Chip muffins!! 😍 🍪Must try..
Rated Had their misal pav. I guess it was the worst I've ever had in my life. Wanted it without onion but didn't mention it as usually everyone gives it alag se, And wen I told the uncle at the counter he was like it wnt get replace, u shud had told before, we'll how wud a person know?? Had to buy a new one to eat. Staff was rude, full of attitude.
Rated Street Foods by Punjab Grill is a food stall in the food court. The space and the design of the stall looks impressive. I ordered a Chinese Combo from Street Foods by Punjab Grill. The Chinese combo has Chicken Chowmein, Chilly Chicken and a coke. The pricing was around 300 for the combo. The food tasted disappointing. The noodles and the chilly chicken was loaded with MSG killing all the flavors within. However, the chicken was fried crisp and succulent and the sauce tasted fiery and good. Unfortunate that excessive MSG ruined the dining. All in all, I still had an ordinary experience considering that the food was served fast, priced budget-friendly. I would go with 3 out of 5 for Street foods by Punjab Grill, I would have loved my food had it not been for the huge quantity of MSG in my dish.
Rated A friend took me here for the tikki chole and I must say it tasted delicious, also though coming from the jiggs kalra banner the place is not all that expensive which is a huge plus. But the chole bhature was a big disappointment,I'd expect more from a core Punjabi place.
Rated The bane of having friends is that sometimes you don't get to choose where to eat. So there we were, in R City Ghatkopar, looking for a cheap place for our friend to treat before his bachelorhood is mercilessly taken away from him. A quick review of Zomato and we were ordering from this place (primarily because it served non-veg and was cheap relatively). Options here are more or less standard and truthfully, not much options either for dinner so we hastily ordered the only non-veg curry available (they generally have a different each day but it's the only one) with rotis, a chicken kheema biryani,veg platter and shikanji (another version of lime soda). While the veg platter and curry was just a standard one (I forgot the name), chicken kheema biryani and shikanji were very good (a surprise in a mall) especially the jeera (cumin seeds) in shikanji and very will spiced nature of the biryani. Overall, if you have the misfortune of coming to the mall for some purpose, you can easily try out the food from here and well, let's say you won't be disappointed.
Rated Really really bad. So depressing that hospitality professionals have such a horrible attitude, where the "executive chef" says that an Eggs Benedict is not a Overly cooked poached egg (hard centre somehow) served on a bed of some cold rubbery chicken and topped with some cheese sauce. His excuse, "hum aise hi banate hai". Me - what? Manager must look into this. Very disappointing all around.
Rated The food may not be so great but it is practically empty in the evenings. We went there a couple of days back as a group of about 20 ppl. It was hot as hell but once the drinks and conversation start flowing, you tend to pay less attention to the heat. Service is slow. The place still maintains its old school decor which I personally love. It has a permanent musty smell.
Rated 5/5 for money value and affordability, 3/5 ambience, service is bit slow. They hav a gud variety in Indian food. When it comes to taste ordered for gilafi kebab which though delicious was so salty that was it was a task to finish it. We told the manager about same while ordering for maincourse which was bheja dry Tawa fry, some gosht Hari pyaz n mutter kheema and roomali roti but they did not bother to rectify their mistake and the kheema was so freaking salty tht this time we decided to leave it. So a big let down in terms of food it was Jus salt in everything which over powered the otherwise tasty food. If I will revisit? I might.. considering it's a budget friendly place for group dinner, the drinks are very cheap sply if you are cocktail fan you can easily try few drinks without bothering for budget.
Rated Very disappointed !!!! Order for a sub for home delivery and even after 1.5 hours the sub wasn't delivered, and after calling them they say can you again give us the order all over again !!
Rated One of the worst outlet of subway ; Always in shortage of bread or patties or veggies or sauces or cheese; First they accepted my order of Monday's sub of day & later on they told me they had no chicken ham in stock.And yeah they are always on shortage of change too. :/
Rated i use to like this place for a quick snack.. but now all old STALE & smelly items. Sad to know they are no more up to the mark. Zero score..
Rated Currently this place has a rating of 2.7 and I think it flatters it given the standards of this brand and this branch in particular. Hard to believe that this is the same brand where my brother learnt his trade as a chef at their flight kitchen. With time, they have lost relevance and definitely the quality that set them apart. To start with the basic concept of the Croissant remains good on paper. They still prepare the bread in the manner they used to years ago. On two counts, these breads are not worth feeding your enemy; Freshness and Fillings. The chicken croissant used to have strips and strips of boneless chicken which was delicately marinated and rich in yogurt. Today it’s a harsh spicy concoction with oversized pieces of capsicum, barely any chicken and oil. Freshness is a game of roulette as on some days the bread has been so stale it’s truly inedible. Their saving grace remains their cakes, rich in chocolate and moist between layers. Each time I’ve dropped in for one and attempted to see if they’ve changed their ways with the croissants I’ve been bitterly let down.
Rated First of all a cockroach in one of the trays . After we asked him to throw that tray out , the store manager did it with much contempt . He punched a much costly item in our bill and was suspiciously asking us to pay for a consolidated bill and not a separate one . Then when we realised that he has added a costlier item in the bill , he argued with us for over 10 minutes . I was just short of making a police complaint against the manager !
Rated Claimed that there was no one in the shop for home delivery. The phone number is also wrong. The correct one is 65248837. I would give it a miss - the last thing you want when ordering food is rude and obnoxious staff.
Rated [Personal Review] The thing that pissed me off the most was the only dish I ordered, the night of the Trivia in Feb, was the 'Grilled Cheese with Chilly Slider'. Forget the wait time, which was 45mins, but what I got was an open style Chilly Cheese toast you get at a sandwich stall for under Rs. 100! It was literally 4 pieces of pav with chilly cheese toast topping on it! Accompanied by some salad, that I feared touching, and some 4 pieces of french fries. Guess what the bill was - Rs. 500 (after taxes, get added). It's not like I haven't paid this much for sliders, starters, or even a burger, but the fact that I got 'Cheese Chilly Toast' is what pissed me off. And from the time taken to get it to the table, it literally felt like some waiter ordered an Uber on Surge pricing to go to a sandwich stall that was open, make the Uber wait, and come back with it. Though I think that waiter ate half of my chilly cheese toast, since there were only 4 pieces when served and to compensate they gave some fries & leaves. That's the only way to justify this dish & the cost associated with it. A humble request to the chef or owner: Please google 'sliders' and please start serving that instead. FYI, the monthly trivia nights at this place is great, one of the best in the city. After my experience in Feb, I returned for the Trivia night in March, played and then ran over to Doolally to grab a bite to eat. #Truestory Also this place is not vegetarian friendly! Not even a veg burger on the menu. My entire rating & review is based on that one dish I ordered and not the drinks or trivia night. petpujaris.com
Rated Been here to try their fusion pani puri on a friend's recommendation. Something very unique served with quinoa and Kala Katha instead of your normal meethi chutney. The name twisted pani puri makes sense too. Killer Stuff!! --A drop of ink may make a million think. @AyaashPaw pawanmanghnani.com
Rated So after our fantastic 2 visits, the third visit turned out to be a complete nightmare! I ordered for Turkish Punjabi(vegetarian). I being a vegetarian, was served a Mutton dish, and I almost had it! Unacceptable! It's suchha shame how a place like this could goof up so bad, they've always impressed me with their food and service, made suchha huge mistake! And moreover, the behaviour of the manager was completely unapologetic. Huge let down!
Rated Ordered in on Sunday for dinner. The mixed meat salad was terrible. No taste and stale ingredients. The watermelon feta was ok, didn't do justice to the description on the menu but was edible.
Rated Considering the location, I thought service would be more prompt here, instead though it was empty, we were kept waiting for the longest time and then even served 2 simple americanos very roughly, without even cleaning the table, which was dirty. I think the whole chain should work on training their employees as competition is high and every time i go to one of their outlet it never seems to fail in disappointing me! Of the new items of the menu, I was really let down by the nachos, it's basically packaged tortillas chips on which they pour some bad salsa and cheese (really little) and then microwaved. A small and tasteless portion... quite bad!
Rated I use to visit CCD out of india only for their hot chocolate. The disappointment is Indian CCD doesn't serve the drink which has same taste. Nothing bad but the quality of chocolate is different.
Rated Unbelievable thing happened the other day. I ordered a cappuccino and while drinking felt the cup was a little heavy. I did not think much of it and drank a quarter of it till I saw a metallic object in my drink. It was a part of the coffee machine which the Barista accidentally dropped into my coffee and served it. Appalled by the service and hygiene factors at this outlet.
Rated Disgusting! I ordered 3 plum cakes from there website on 19th December. Got phone call from them 23rd saying that cakes will be delivered on 26th. There was no reply to the email. Today on 27th when I phoned them they tell us that they do not have any cakes in stock! And so we won't get the cakes. How is that for service?
Rated The food is ok,the menu don't have choice for vegetation eater,the choice is limited Service is good Disappointment in menu with limited choice and also the breads were too hard to chewing Need more variety at this place to choice
Rated This is a typical restaurant located inside a five star hotel. Serves indian food and overall scores average on my food scale. Not for hard core Desi food lovers as the tastes are toned down and the spices are little boring. Best suited to take your firang office colleagues for dinner/ lunch as I feel that the place is made for the people who can not eat real indian spicy food.
Rated Rude lounge, Manpada has valet parking. That's what attracted me first. Haha. I love the upper deck. I've been here several times and I know I'll always choose this place over any random lounge. The ambience is 5/5. Music is 5/5. Food is 5/5. The service is a little slow. And the waiters are a little ignorant. You've got to call them 5 times and that's when they'll attend you. But that doesn't ruin the place. It's a 5/5 for a locality like thane.
Rated The portion size of the biryani was the main issue, while we find it difficult to finish one portion of Khane Khas biryani between 2 people, I found the portion to be just a little smaller here. But the pricing is also smaller, so that's a good point. The taste of our chicken tikka biryani was wonderful and I had to ignore the film of oil at the bottom of the container.. Biryani is cooked with lots of oil after all. The stuffed mushroom appetizer had a very chunky filling, wish it was more delicate. Will try their curries next time.
Rated Went for lunch. Been going to Mahesh for years. Today the food was just terrible. Ordered squid butter pepper garlic, fried rawas and prawns koliwada. The prawns were tasteless and burnt, the fish was average and the squid was just floating in butter. There was no mutton available, meaning come on. The mains were just about pass class. When I returned the prawns to the manager and a waiter. They came back and said they are just fine and got extremely defensive. I think next time it will be back to Trishna. Poor poor experience. Not going back
Rated So I order a Paneer Tikka Biryani. Guess what? ZERO PANEER. No Raita. No papad. No pickle. Nothing. 1 hr wait with no confirmation as the call centre had no clue about my order. Then upon calling to complain again call centre is clueless and saying they cant find my order only?! Queations upon questions. But no solution. Bad Module. Bad Execution.
Rated For first timers its okay But if u have already tasted andhra food, this you would find average. All the food tastes same, all are sour. No spice in any of the item. For me, no second visit.
Rated Just deleted my 5 star rating and I'm Re-reviewing this place. This place has two faces: 1. When the owner takes your order you can expect to receive great food, in 45 minutes max. 2. When the owner is not around some idiot from the kitchen takes your order and their already ill-mannered staff turns into a bunch of cheats, and you recieve cold, bad food in 2 hours. Also, the expensive toppings are missing and when you confront them about the same they blatantly claim that the toppings are there and the customer is lying. And when you threaten to land up at the outlet with the food to expose them they say that the chef made a mistake and forgot to put the toppings. Forgot? Did he forget to take my money? And this has happened thrice. So, this place is avoidable.
Rated Expextations high reality 0 ... Worst place of viiviana i guess.... staff was with an attitude nature.... food was tasteless... chicken platter was bad... quantity was jst for a singl person... plateing ws worst... music was too loud... have such a place n without washroom... when i askd staff for washroom they askd for common washroom of mall... Ambience 3/5 Food 3/5 Staff 2/5
Rated We friends were planning to head to Jugheads on the weekend but as it was full the manager asked us to head to Slice of Lime instead which is right next door and owned by them aswell. We din't mind trying something new so we went there. Firstly it's a place to sit and have drinks with friends, occasionally staring at the Sports Screen when you'r bored :P It's definitely not a place to have food. Unlike Jugheads, i found the food here to be really bad. We'd ordered a mocktail which had a really bad taste, we had to mix beer in it to finish it. We'd ordered a Chilly Paneer which was normal. The vegetable steak peri peri has not that good, the oriental pizza hardly had any toppings and was divided into 4slices only. The portion sizes are small compared to the normal rates that they charge and the food isn't even worth it. They always have offers on drinks, even during weekends so if you plan on drinking and lazying then it could be an option, not otherwise!
Rated Great ambience,food was also good.THe portion size served was satisfactory.They had IPL screening on 3 to 4 places in the bar which added to the chill factor.But I felt that the drink were slightly overpriced considering its right next to diner's lounge.Also draught beer was unavailable and there was a group creating lots of noise and ruckus but no one said them anything.
Rated Don't know why this place was so overcrowded! Vada Pav here is just like any other normal Vada Pav stall's in mumbai. But the place is definitely overpriced may be because of their over hyped name.
Rated yummy farali misal and thalipeeth. Solkadhi was the only disappointment. I was craving for puneri flavors and this place did make up for my cravings!
Rated The food here is actually okay but when I visited I was so disappointed in the service. The staff is completely ignorant and it took forever to get the attention of someone to get our order taken. After hearing much about the bandra outlet I decided to try this place and it was quite a bad experience. In terms of food the chicken khaosway is good. Soup was quite tasteless and shanghai chicken appetizer was alright. Honestly was quite put off by the service to review the food.
Rated Twice that we have landed up here famished and hogged on the buffet spread with beer and wine. Though I'd still say the Pali Hill place of Lemon Leaf is more fun simply because of the location, this one more closer to home satiates quite in the same manner. The buffet is a steal and not much to report on ambiance but the food is worth checking this place out. The owner was busy chit chatting with guests but he never offered us beer. 😛@
Rated I've come here over the years and this visit has shocked me! The place is in a dismal state. They don't stock most of the alcohol mentioned in the menu! The seats are torn! Overall it's just dirty and uneasy now.
Rated One of my favourite restaurants in south Mumbai, I used to frequent this place at least once a week. Absolutely smashing food and great cocktails. I don't think I have ever had a bad meal at this place its been consistently good, though I must confess I haven't been here much in the last 5 years. My favourites here are their momos, Vietnamese cold spring rolls, kaukswe, Thai curries and a Thai fish with lime, chilly and garlic. And to end the meal the chocolate fondant which oozes chocolate as soon as u dig your spoon into it.
Rated Pebbles is the sister concern of melting pot . The food served here is equivalent to that which is served in melting pot just out of the world
Rated This place has the most ill mannered staff in the entire of industry! Please do not come here.. Ever !! The waiter by the name of Barman is the worst in customer handling.. Horrible person! Pathetic customer service.. Had come here for some celebration - messed up the entire mood !! Mr Thakur is the most arrogant Resturant manager you will find in the Resturant business.. Sad!! Deserves to be sacked.. Any decency in the management get in touch with me .. I'll explain the crap that went down !!!
Rated COLLEGE DAYS CHERISHED FOR MANY !!! In early days of his career... Nandu satrted from almost this very place selling dosa and so on... In recent years... hes expanded from one stall to another.. and also running an ac hotel near MK college. His hard work and dedication can be seen and its been paid off. _________________ Coming to this road side outlet... do try their chocolate dosa bhaji dosa and Manchurian dosa. _________________ Ratings : Food: 4/5 Ambience: Its an open stall.
Rated Not too different from the other Theobromas in terms of quality, other than the variety and the size. Because the area is limited, they obviously don't cater beyond a point, and when they're sold out in cheese cake, they have a stiff competition from Love and Cheesecake which is next door. Still, it delivers on the Theobroma name so no complaints.
Rated Based in the heart of lokhandwala and serves yum dishes. (as per the menu) Pav bhaji deinitely was a big turn off tastewise and it also gave a negative effect on the stomach. Dosas are alright and tea is just basic. Very very overpriced as per the food and the service... Sorry high point but the experience wasnt one to recommend.
Rated Average at best. Not a late night place to go to. During late evenings they just seem to be wasting electricity. Found no customers in the eating area at 11 pm and about 4-5 'left over' donuts . They also don't make donuts in the shop so beware of stocks running out before they close the shop. I would rather go to Mad Over Donuts.
Rated Had come to PVR citimall for a movie, so thought of just grabbing a bite before going for the movie so thought of going to Dunkin' Donuts.. We ordered Wedges, Lemon Ice Tea, Black Coffee & Death By Chocolate Donut.. The ambience I really liked a nice colourful place.. I really liked everything that i ordered except the Lemon Ice Tea I found it too bitter I really don't know why it didn't have any sugar or syrup which was kinda disappointing to have an ice tea which is bitter .. But the donut was yumm! The wedges were really delicious & the black coffee was perfect!
Rated Landed here on Friday night after watching a movie at PVR Citi Mall. We got here around 10 and managed to get a table in the outside section which was not bad or hot at all. I was hungry as Hell and all I craved was a creamy pasta. So as soon as I got the menu I turned over the pages until I seen the Pasta section and decided to order the Penne with Chicken and Pesto Cream. They have quite a few options in Pasta. My friend got really excited looking at the main course options in fish as he eats only fish and no other meat and decided to order the Grilled King fish. A very courteous waiter comes over to take our order. The moment I order the Grilled fish he says that the fish will take around 45 minutes to be served and we agree. The very next moment he asks us to order anything else apart from fish as the kitchen is busy. We tell him we will wait but he just won't agree to take an order that involved fish in it. We both look at each other baffled and look around confused. Granted the place was busy but there were quite a few empty tables. Anyway we didn't want to create a fuss as we were in a good mood so he just ordered a spinach and mushroom omlet. The food arrived quickly and the portion and taste of the pasta was incredible. I basically inhaled my food but for the first time I was struggling to finish it all given the quantity. The omlet was impressive too and it came along with 4 slices of brown bread toast which was left untouched as he is a fitness freak (I cannot imagine a world without bread and rice thou). Service was quite questionable as I had to ask thrice for my glass of water to be refilled and not forgetting the busy kitchen syndrome. Overall a decent place to dine. They play good music and also screen the IPL matches. Hopefully my friend will be served fish next time (if there is a next time).
Rated Horrendous food, bad pizza, bruschetta was just pizza sauce, spaghetti bad, chicken was stinking, bad service, bad lighting!! Disappointed as was once a favourite!!
Rated I have been a regular to the 7 bungalow's outlet but came here for the first time. Apart from a little bland behaviour from the staff, this branch has all the flavours and vibes of the 7 bungalow branch. Cold coffee is a must try and if you take hard drinks, try mixing rum in it. The taste is just a marvel. Pasta's are yum and so are the sizzlers.
Rated Since the memories of yummilicious sizzlers from my last visit here...kept haunting me; I decided to quiten my hunger demon and obliged to its demand by revisiting the old haunt 😊 The joint was packed to capacity. And that too on a monday evening. If weekdays are this crowded; I wonder how it is on weekends. Called for grilled prawns sizzler with afrikano sauce and my better half ordered a Pop tates ka cheesy chicken sizzler. After a long wait...the sizzlers arrived. They were sizzling hot...so hot that after a minute or so...unable to hold any longer when I impatiently took a dig I scalded my tongue. And it continued to sizzle and crackle till my last bite. The sizzlers were scrumptious but the mexican rice that accompanied it was not as good as the last time..
Rated Not a good experience though. This was the 1st time that I tasted their food. (Ordered food home) I craved for pizza and ordered for a bbq pizza ( to much Masala ) and chicken lollipops (tasteless). I'm Sorry but they Were pathetic. I don't how the other food tastes. But by these two I don't think I would ever get back to This place.
Rated I miss time when i used to come here for their crazy shakes and juices. This was like 3 to 4 years ago when they were literally serving some great juices. Now this place has a brand name and its become more commercial. Lately i had been to this place and i ordered the mango mulberry shake. The shake was more of mulberry than mango in it and it was too icy. Not expected from a place like this.
Rated I tried ordering from this place because of its 3.9 Zomato rating and the food was ghastly. Oily, spicy- it was a complete mess. Had to down half a Limca just to wash it down. Made me really question the ratings given.
Rated At Indigo Deli, the fillet mignon is locally procured Buffalo Tenderloin. It is served with roasted onions, garlic, red wine juice and a choice of mashed potatoes or grilled vegetables. Other Than Steak: If you don’t like beef, try the Deli fried chicken with apple slaw or the Risotto of wild mushrooms and red wine.
Rated Was in infinity and we were craving for some burgers.. we ordered 1 tandoor grilled burger, 1 chix nuggets and as the lady suggested to try their new spicy Angreiest burger, tried the same.. Everything was just yum but the Angriest burger was a bit to angry(lol) and spicy. It had a reddish color bread and was no doubt tasty but in the end the spicy sauce was a bit too much.. I will definitely eat it again but with a bit less of spicy sauce... Cheers!!!
Rated I don't know what went wrong with Burger King in this location. There was hardly any salad in the Veggie burger we asked for. The parties in the other burger was ice cold. They were too slow in getting back after giving the order and in a mall u r usually tired after shopping and have to hunt for a place to sit, order and take the food on your own, so all this adds up if the food isn't good.
