Rated I will always say YES to this place! After 4 visits in a matter of 6 months, I am still not drawn to the food here. The chicken wings (boneless also available) are to die for, with the tangy sourish twist and cooked to perfection meat. The fried pickles are also a must have for those who love a hit of spice. Their burgers are quite large for one person, but its worth a try! My favourite forever, the Frozen Beer Rita, is just the best for this horrible weather! A big Thumbs Up from me!!
Rated Not what it used to be. Zoe's a bit of a relic of its past already. It still gets most of its food at about a 3/5 but there are days when they insist oily spaghetti is the way spaghetti needs to be. Like oil all over the base of your plate is how food needs to be. Sigh. Another one bites the dust.
Rated This place is very close to my heart. Have been going here since my childhood. And I don't seem to get bored of their nachos. They're my favorite. I tried their vegetable au gratin. It's a baked vegetable with Cheese dish. Also, some cheese chilly toast. I wasn't in a mood for chocolatey dessert today, surprisingly. So I ordered a blue berry cheese cake. The desserts here are heavenly. Until the next time, ovenfresh. ❤
Rated Need a quick meaty bite? Burger Corner is the place to hit... A quaint little place in a dark lane off Gokhale Road it mainly specialized in take away food. With two tables on the sidewalk, you can be rest assured you are in for a meaty delight. The chicken biryani and tangdi kebab (tandoori) are must haves, they take about 15 mins to prepare but the spice n marination are lip smacking. They have assortment of frozen meat which you can buy and ask them to fry / roast or heat for immediate consumption. They close early, by 9:30 pm they are sometimes out of readymade stock!!!! So if you have a sudden craving for tandoori chicken leg or seekh kebabs...head straight to Burger Corner, go all out to take away and also munch some on the way!
Rated This place is a bit unknown because of its location. its basicaly a small joint, they have cold storage and fresh stuff. i have tried it all from the chicken biryani to the super tasty oil fried mutton seekh kebabs. Though the taste of biryani is not the same as before you can still go for the burger, mutton sheekh and kheema pattice. The rates are reasonable , this place gets a 3.5/5 based on just the food they serve!!
Rated A neat place for a quick bite! +points: +good CHUTNEY +quick service +cleanliness +economic -points: -juice was weird tasting -seating arrangements were a little snug fit!
Rated Ok ok experience... Service was little slow... Food was good... Quite crowded place...but still got place within 5mins... Ambience and staff were good... Overall 👍
Rated Being a Gujju, I obviously have a massive guilt free sweet tooth! 🙈 Okay, coming to the point, Krispy Kreme has some amazing donuts. The highlight would be they have milk chocolate based donuts, a little different than the usual. The coffee is too bland and they put a lot of ice cubes into the cold coffee! Hygiene and quality standards are maintained.
Rated Situated on the branded food hub Street of Hiranandani. All big banners can be found on this street. From pizzas to Chinese. ..name it all and it's there... Ref olives can't be missed at the same time. Offers a big menu which can put a weak soul at unrest about what to eat.... I was told to order malvani and or Tahiri and Paneer Tikka biryani. So I picked my fav... Biryani's... I ordered Tahiri n Panner Tikka biryani... It was a veg fair 😕 Tahiri was just the usual biryani one would get at any restaurant. So much for the sizzling on the menu. Panner Tikka biryani Panner were not made into Tikka. Two slices of panner was just slabed together with some herb paste in between and mixed with the biryani rice. Not actually what was promised... Since the menu has lots to offer... I will visit again and change the rating basis what I was served.. 3 for the biryani I ate....
Rated I can't find any flaw in this restaurant. Service, ambience and food - best one can get. Ordered Burmese curried soup. 7 layered Mexican shots, mezze platter and cottage cheese in black bean sauce for starters. Lasagne and arrabiata pasta for main course. Oreo cheese cake for dessert. Waiting to visit this place again to try out more dishes.
Rated Ordered chicken tikka pizza along with raspberry moijto..... It's yummy .... Ambience 5 Staff and service 5 .... I will definitely visit again
Rated Food is consistent and good. Service is alright. Portions have drastically lessened so tends to be a steeper affair. Ambience is rustic but this time we noticed that the indoor restaurant section needs some sprucing up.. For instance the wall in one corner has a massive stain which looks unsavoury given if one has to sit at that table and eat. Similarly the Village art decor consisting of a Tree,some bhangra dancers etc could use revamping as have started to look dull and are dusty too. Recommend Tandoori chicken 🍗 😘 Most of the chicken gravies. Sarson ka saag and Makke di Roti during the winter season. Paan shot at the end of the meal is always lovely.
Rated Tasty and cheap pizzas. Wouldn't recommend going to the outlet. Ambience is substandard. Strongly recommended: cheese burst Eva's special non-veg pizza
Rated They don't deserve any review. Firstly you accept the order via zomato and don't even deliver it for 3 hours. Worst service. They responded for 2 hours it's left half an hour ago and wow we are still with out a pizza. They even have the audacity to put all their phones off. Zomato is so skilled that they ask us how was the meal :/ Don't know who is accountable
Rated A place with good food and dull ambiance!!! Have visited this place 3 times but it has been strictly for the food. Their Tom Yum soup and Pecking Chicken Dumpling are the two things that pulls me there. There would have been many more visits had it have had a better ambiance. If you want to catch up over an evening snack or just a soup, do try this place out.
Rated Ambience is superb, but the place is too small. I expctd sum huge place, bt wen i entrd found it too small. They serve gud variety of food, food is avg in taste, liked theirchckn biryani the most. Starters are gud bt nt grt. Garlic brd was just okish. Desert too was just ok ok. I hd huge expctation aftr havng buffet at soo many places. STILL I WOULD HAVE GIVEN THEM 3.5-4 BUT THE REASON M NT GVNG IT IS THEIR MANAGER. ONE OF THE RUDEST MANAGER I HAVE CUM ACROSS. He says taking pics r nt allowed bt we dnt stop our guest, my single point is, if u dnt let people take pics,,,,, hw will we knw abt ur place. And the manner in whch he said tht he still lets the guest take was as if he is dng sum big tym favour on me. WONT EVER SUGGEST THIS PLACE TO ANYONE. HOW CAN A MANAGER BE RUDE AND SOOO LEAST CONCERN ABT CUSTOMER Also forgot to mention their staff in nt tht polite. If u tell thm serve me strtr in a while,gve me tym.....they will make faces nd till u it will becum cold! Boss re heat, thts nt my problem. I hd askd a waiter to get me butter naan, he never served me tht. They have very casual attitude
Rated Hands down the best tomato soup I've had in really long needs to be a bit thicker but very good. The pizza was so bad all I could manage was a slice it drips of oil the cheese tastes like the milk it was made using came f the tests of a robot cow; very artificial. The garlic bread had the same cheese on it so that's a no too.
Rated Think the pizzas could be less greasy . The chicken peri peri was about ok I still prefer pizza express over this place . Home delivery usually makes the pizza soggy
Rated This place is soooooo amazing!!! I have been here on every birthday since the past 4 years for either lunch or dinner and this place has never disappointed me. The Peri Peri fries is just out of this world.. Extremely yum!! The Garlic Bread is one the most yummiest I have ever tried.. The taste of Garlic is not synthetic which makes it even more tasty.. The staff is friendly and very helpful.. Based on their suggestion we tried the African Peri Peri Chicken Pizza and I really have no words to describe the taste.. Not too cheesy and not too crowded with toppings.. You should definitely try the thin crust whole wheat combination.. Loved the place!!
Rated So thanks to my non-pork eating fellow diner, I was forced to pick from the chicken pizza options!! We decided on the pollo forza and the pollo coriander pesto... The pollo forza was okay, kinda bland. But the pollo coriander pesto was super yum with tandoori grilled chicken with onions and an indianized pesto (pretty much chutney) so essentially it was a Kathi roll pizza.... Murder of Italian cuisine but a party in your mouth!! ;)
Rated Pizza destination = joey's!! Everytime that I m in andheri, I eat at joeys, just can not be dining else where :-P Cheesy,extremely loaded pizzas served pipping hot in an outlet which dsnt offer anything in terms of ambience, Just a few tables, thrown around. On weekends you may find waiting of as much as an hour ! The paneer makhani pizza is what I love from here, but thanks to half n half, one can always try more than one option. The service is the only loophole. You may have to shout or wave like a fanatic to get the servers attention each time- whether it's to place the order or ask for water refill. navimumbaifoodjunkies.wordpress.com
Rated If you are bored with typical north Indian and south Indian flavours...this place is good for you... Some Italian flavours very at pocket friendly way...with good ambience If you are visiting for full course meal better enquire for deserts first...when I visited both the deserts were unavailable Lack of fruit juices make a negative opinion for people having thirst and a sweet tooth Stone oven special sizzlers have a very hot rice so be careful having spoonful of it...your tongue will definitely get burnt... One low point of sizzler is the cabbage base...its very raw, thick and undercooked...pasta haters don't visit.
Rated Amazing chicken biryani(boneless) & kebabs specially madira kebab and lasooni kebab Yes there is delay in home delivery bt u cn forgive dem after eating the food!!!
Rated I have ordered from here a few times. The food is decent, especially considering we don't have too many options this side. However, recently after ordering and paying for a 12 inch pizza, they delivered a 9 inch one. Only after I pointed out the mistake, did they say that they were out of 12 inch boxes. In the end, they did send me another pizza. I hope they maintain the standard of food and service as the they definitely seem to have potential.
Rated Alright Woodside - well done. Your apology is accepted but more than that - thank you for the extremely sweet gestures and that too without any brouhaha. I do understand that the order got really badly messed up yesterday - Saturday Nights are messy and so was my hungry irritable mind. But you'll more than made up for it with this sweet unexpected lunch snack. Especially the dessert. My apologies for any harshness that came your way from my end - and wish all of you guys there - A very Happy Easter :)
Rated Cheese cheese n chesse.. try their lemon grass virgin mojito and chicken lasange. Quick service.. needs table reservation.. the host is selectively friendly. Unappreciated. Cost for two was 1150.
Rated It's D'Crepes Cafe is a relax place.In the interiors of D'Crepes Cafe good.We were here for a Sunday brunch and this place dint seem to please me much. Food is average and so are the beverages.i didnt like chocolate mud pie is taste less.and pizzaa base burn it. i am totally disappoint with food.overall service is good,,,
Rated Loved the food , the ambience and the prices .Ordered for toffee cheesecake ,oreo shake and bruschetta .Enjoyed everything thoroughly and will keep on visting
Rated Went here today to have a quick bite! Tried the chicken lollipop and chicken peppri kebab ! The kebab was something different ! I found it a bit spicy! The lollipop was no different from any other joint with the nli difference of a heavy price tag!
Rated Nice for a quick bite. Normal restaurant without a/c on the ground floor and a/c section added upstairs. Food quality is very basic. Greasy Chinese food and very basic presentation. Known for South Indian dishes this restaurant serves multiple cuisines.
Rated I guess they have changed their name twice or thrice !!! But the taste is OK. They always comes with sum new dish ... Slightly overpriced and quantity is also not great!!!
Rated Went to this place two or three times being in the same society. This place is neither good nor bad. Serves me in times of my hunger. Food quality is not that good but still place is not bad for having a misal pao, usal pao and pao bhaji.
Rated The Madras café was one of the best restaurants to have authentic South Indian cuisine in Bhandup without having to go to Hotel Ramashray. Not saying that it could beat it, but it could make a food substitute for a lazy person not wanting to go all the way to matunga. But now, it has lost its title and has its service and food quality deteriorated. Nothing more to say but feeling bad, for a good restaurant has gone or is going down the cliff.
Rated The location they got seems to be more useful for getting more crowd !!!! Taste is good !!!! When it is over crowded then there services becomes ugly!!!!!!
Rated Craving for South Indian cuisine I ordered steam idli, masala dosa, green pea pulao and tadka dal. The food was under average. Barring the rice nothing tasted good. This is the last place to order south indian food. Besides that tadka dal was very greasy.
Rated This restaurant is more of a drinker's place to be and less of a family restaurant. But you can always take the food as take-away and have it with your family at your house. The Butter Chicken over here is one of the best I've ever had and it had left me licking my fingers and begging for some more.
Rated The first time i tasted momos, it was here, and i fell in love with them. You probably wont find momos this tasty and this cheap at other places, while maintaining cleanliness and consistency.
Rated Earlier it was a veggie restaurant. But now suddenly changed to non veg resto. The food is totally yummy. Normally we order only biryanis and veg. 3 - 4 days bck tried chicken grill sandwich. Very yummy. Today my mom tried too as she never tries outside food that much but she liked it. Will miss chicken grill sandwich for 1 month as shravan . Will definitely refer my friends and family members.
Rated Had lunch at dis place. I had ordered pav bhaji and a watermelon juice.the food was good, descent and. Ok on pocket. Service was slow but ok
Rated Simple place... It is just near to bhandup station.... Have tried paav bhaji over here... Which was nice.. Overall place is good..
Rated Merwans is the go-to place for anyone craving to eat cakes or pastries. The outlet in borivali is crowded all the times. This outlet has some seating space but don't hold your breath in the evening as you might not find a place to sit! The pastries and the cake served here are top notch. No complaints at all. Their rolls and patties are second to none. They are cheap and tasty hence a hit among school /college students. Their garlic chicken roll is specially worth trying if you are a non veg eater. This place is pocket friendly and I can assure you, you wouldn't be disappointed by this place. Overall a value for money place ✌🏻
Rated I love everything they sell,from their pastries to their rolls,their brownies and the muffins! But only thing is i wish they had creamy pastries too,they have those hard bread pastries!
Rated Tried only their surnoli, kela fodi, filter coffee and buns. Found it strictly ok. Place and ambience is good. Service was quick since we were the only table they had to serve early morning.
Rated I only go there with my sis Chinika Prabhu to grab nachos or fries and it is awesome ❤️ service is okay but the food and the time you can spend there is so awesome. Just hang there someday and you'll hang there always
Rated The looks of the place make u feeel like it is a chowpatty type place where crowds would gather in large numbers and make a large noise.... The nachos here are damn damn damn good... Extra cheesy ... They have so so many options... Will have to keep coming to satisfy my taste buds.. The black currant soda was okay!!! My friend had a Jain golden bhel which according to him was pretty good... We also had a dryfruit milk shake and a cheese jam sandwich... They were pretty good too... But the nachos killed it!!!
Rated Hu GUJARATI chokro. Borivali resident, not aware of dis place it CANT b...!!! A food Enthusiast!!! No1 can beat his FALOODA. Try BUNTY's SPECIAL FALOODA, i bet u will miss this place. Go wid empty stomach n leave with fully fill'd. Harabara Kabab is must have dish. Falooda 5/5 Service 5/5 Ambience 4/5 Quality: 5/5 Highly recommended for DESERT lovers...
Rated Food's okay but the management needs to get a head check. When a customer call for a takeaway, he expects to know the options available and not being told that ye can order from somewhere else. Overall, a rubbish experience. Please order from Choi Kim.
Rated Madhuram is called as one of the jewels in Borivali (west) when it comes to quality of snacks and sweet. But it seems the popularity has gone over head and the attitude of the employees and their manager seems to be unacceptable. Firstly, We don't mind paying Rs. 20/- for Samosa (Samosa Elsewhere is maximum Rs. 14/-). But the rule is you cannot buy 1 Samosa, you need to buy 2 Samosa minimum. You either choose Chutney or Papaya. You cannot take Both. Who serves customers like that ?? A Gujju will relish on samosa with chutney and papaya both. Secondly, they don't provide change, whatsoever, if your billing is Rs. 70/- you need to pay exact change of Rs. 70/-. Are you guys running business or is it a joke ?? Tell me which eatery don't provide 30 rupees change against 100 Rupee Note. The Employees and Manager show poker face as if they don't care and won't give you the parcel unless you pay exact Change. Are you running a Railway Ticketing Counter ??? If complained with loud voice, i was asked to not to show the attitude. We are not asking you to give us royal treatment, but if according to you customers are beggers than you guys are the biggest loosers in this field and i am recommending all my corporate colleagues to stop buying Diwali Packages from your so called Sweet Shop
Rated Good sweets and farsan but expensive, vividham equally good option. Found owners to be bit arrogant. It is only for Samosa I sometime go to this place
Rated Awsm collection of ice cream ...i had chocolate funda n oreo orange icecream .. It was soo yummy bt very small place .. Bt thr icecreams i just lvd it .......
Rated Another decent drive-in food joint...at marine drive...ignore the hygiene part...food was good...ordered margarita cheese pizza, rolls Paneer and chocolate milk shake(this was awesome)....expect delay in taking orders but once ordered food comes pretty fast...lack of dustbins and sad part people coming in Audi, Merc, BMW don't hesitate to loiter around...If ur around can opt for this as veg dinner
Rated It's a place for fast food, but I personally go for the Strawberry Cream with Ice Cream. The Smoothies are also good here. Best time to go is after sunset. They have limited open seating and parking too limited, due to RTO issues
Rated Ordered a Snickers cake for birthday... The cake was damn yumm... Fully filled wid snickers start to end.. Topped wid melted peanut butter... It ws a 3 KG cake for our boss... Damn good.... Thankx.... Rolling pin!! Money well SpenT!!
Rated Absolutely love this place! Bang opposite HR College, the place is set up in a small garage and has an extremely sweet staff. Angry Birds- Fries served with a cheesy sauce and 3 chicken nuggets. 2.5/5 Hot Dog Fries- Fries served with jalapeños and sauce with a smokey chicken sausage. 4/5 Chicken French Fry- Shwarma style wrap with french fries, cheesy sauce and shredded chicken. 4/5
Rated Visited it yesterday while going for IPL match at Wankhede stadium . Small place bang opposite HR college . Ordered the following : Nachos Fries : decent Cheese Chilly Fries : best of lot Spicy Paneer Wrap : average Red Velvet Cakeshake : disappointed but still ok On the whole good for people who want quick bite and not burn too much cash.
Rated The food does not disappoint but this time finding a hair in your roti is not the best feeling or appetizing. The rates have increased by a lot of margin and the service quality has decreased. I guess am done with this place
Rated A place to be on Holiday for Thali Lunch.... Gujarati Thalis are the USP. And if you have a Extended family to treat in This part of city, then this is the place. Please avoid anything from the menu except Thali.
Rated Had been there today 10th April 2016 Chicken cheesy fries : 8.5 on 10 Chicken wooper:7 on 10 Pepsi: 5 on 10 ..more of water Chicken tandoori grill: 8 on 10 Overall filling ... But taste wise I still feel it can get more Indianised.... Burgers are little dry....
Rated One question lingering in my mind when I was first heading towards Burger King at High Street Phoenix was whether Burger King will be able to displace McDonald's which has been the "Burger King" in India for 20-odd years now. After visiting the outlet a couple of times, my answer to it is a satisfying yes. The Grill Chicken Burger and the Chicken Fries were just okay, nothing spectacular but the Chicken Tandoor Grill was damn good. The chicken was adequately spiced and succulent. I did find it a bit salty though, but that may have been due to the preservatives added (which at the end of the day are salts too). I did find the stuff to be a bit expensive than McDonald's, but considering it's quality, I guess a little premium over McDonald's is justified. Also, nowadays even McDonald's has started charging around 100 bucks for their teeny tiny burgers.
Rated After a long wait I finally made it to frisbees. I've been hearing about it a lot from my friends and colleagues who have been raving about this place. Indeed it definitely did live up to my expectations. Location: Its really difficult to locate since it's located at the back of a residential building. It's a small kitchen with few plastic chairs kept outside for people to eat. Not the best place to enjoy your meal Food: The Jamaican chicken burger is to die for it's the messy burger which leaves you wanting for more. However the fries are a little way to salty. The crunchy chicken burger was good but not as good as the Jamaican chicken. That burger just left we wanting for more. The chicken poppers were too fried but yum. So unless you enjoy fried stuff don't go for it. Price: All I can say is value for money. The quantity you get fill you up and it's definitely worth every penny Must go guys. Do let me know if anyone has tried the lamb burgers.
Rated I go here often as me and my friends hang out around this place a lot. The food taste is never consistent. The place is very small and on the side where I can just sit with my friends and move about easily. The service is not upto the mark as they take long to serve the food. But the price at which it provides food is what I go for usually. Food 3. 0 Service 2. 5 Price 3. 0
Rated This was one of the first times I ordered through Zomato. We ordered a Dal Makhni and Veg Peshawari. Both the dishes were mild and creamy without a layer of oil on them. The dilevery was on time. I can't wait to eat there. toutlemondepeutcuisiner.wordpress.com
Rated Best for take out/Home delivery...Please order all the food before 10pm..The staff gets really sloppy and service comes into question,When food is ordered after 10pm. The food quality is ok and as I said..It is best for takeouts....U wont be disappointed...
Rated One if the few outlets in east which has an outside seating with very nice food. Be it north indian or south. We have been here several times for lunch and dinner and never came out dissapointed.
Rated To start with food.. it was simply good.. the service was quick.. ambience is good.. i would say whenever you are around mulund east you should definitely try these restaurant..
Rated A little overpriced for the service they give. Just a open space with few chairs. Food quality is good but portion size is too small. Okayish!
Rated Had heard about Charcoal Deli a while back from friends.. Moreso about their famed El Gordo Burger.. Ordered an El Gordo burger and a Meat Blast Burger for supper today.. The place by far, is done up well with a garden cafe feel to it.. And the burgers.. Surely weren't a let down either.. The El Gordo is a humongously big whopper of a burger.. With two different Chicken Patties in there.. On a bed of Lettuce and Onions.. Sandwiched between them is a well done fried egg.. And if this isn't enough.. They topped it up with oodles of coleslaw done in thousand island dressing with a tangy spicy twist to it.. And all this was served with a side of fries.. The Meat Blast Burger was no less mean an affair.. A hearty Chicken Patty sandwiched between two fried eggs and topped with coleslaw.. Two thumbs up for their burgers.. Will visit soon for their pizzas too.. @
Rated As usual, one doesn't have much to write about a joint which spread across the world. And in any country, they made sure that they stand up to expectation and maintain the same taste across different franchises scattered around. And, I must say, they are doing well in maintaining their taste and quality that they serves, it's the service only which made the difference between them. In this mall, you don't have any other option if you are looking for a fat sub :)
Rated The place wins on ambience, located on one of the quietest roads in Mulund, and the lobby is treated extremely well, very lively, food however is average, not bad though, but they have bigger selection of non veg for which I give negative marks. The place in dinner time is always buzzing.
Rated On the scale of 10- Food 9 (10 for the Dal kichdi n Egg bhurji) @ Service 9 Ambience 7 Value for money 10 Must Visit
Rated I visit here frequently. The only problem is that the sitting arrangement is very less. You actually need to tell them 2-3 times to put proper amount of sauces orelse they make very dry subs.overall its ok. So deserves 3.5
Rated It was a random decision that we took and glad we waited through the crazy long line on a Sunday night. This placed surprised me and how! The ambiance is 5/5, food and presentation is 5/5, music is brilliant. The only slight issue I felt, because of which I gave this a 4, is the service. They find it a bit difficult to serve crazy crowds during rush hours, because you need to keep reminding them and they are not attentive at all. Overall it is great, must visit!
Rated Ambience is I quite fine (especially candle light dinner) , but service is very slow not upto mark as required.. Price is normal nt much... Non veg is superb.. But in veg only starters are good..
Rated Small lil spot located at Borivali link road. Have been here a couple of times. A must try is Pasta Arrabiata & Thai Curry rice. Tasties pasta I have had in recent times. Secret story- They are open till 3am!
Rated The hot and sour soup was bad.. The masala roti's were amazing.. But the gatte ki sabzi and baingan ka barta was very average.. The ambience is nice.. A very average place to go to.. Value for money:2.5/5 Food taste: 3/5 Ambience: 4/5 Service: 4/5 Would I revisit this place? Umm, guess not!
Rated Another veg food joint... Was waiting to visit here... Had been early by 8pm..than to it was waiting.. So plz guys go early... There was fast service... Had ordered machow soup.. It was good.. In starters we ordered cheese sigar... Very bad.... Later in main course had Punjabi.. Very nice.. Must try n last bt not least had ordered sizzle browine... It was totally burnt... 😐 family kinda place.. Once a visit..
Rated Nice restaurant to be with family.. I want there on Sunday shockingly it was empty got place in 2 minutes..but was happy.. The cost of restaurant is on upper side a bit more costly.. I order paneer kaliyaan sabzi with cheese garlic naan and paneer chilly in starters.. Starter was regular as usual nothing great.. I liked cheese garlic naan which didn't had salt I added that on top.. My ratings: Ambience: 3.5/5 Cost: high Service: 4/5 Food:3/5 need some improvements..
Rated Chinese food with a twist... We have visited this place a few times and the food was good everytime. Chicken manchow soup and Chicken Peking rice is a must try. The place seems a little cramped up and didn't have washrooms. Apart from this the food is decently priced and worth visiting for a meal.
Rated True to its standards. Comparatively a small place and a very small bar. But definitely one of the best Asian food outlets in fort. Surrounded by other food outlets but none of them give a real challenge except Burma Burma. Tried the Tom yum soup, water chestnut spring roll, Street chicken satay with peanut sauce and pan fried noodles with chicken. Quality and Taste of food was above mark. So do try this Asian cuisine place at fort. Its definitely worth it
Rated This was the place to go to for us for good north Indian food. Getting reservation used to be difficult but not impossible. But now even for sunday lunch at 1:00 PM the place is totally empty. We were the only ones being served. Pudina soup was really delicious. Seekh kebabs were also nice. In the main course we were disappointed by the Dal Makhani though butter chicken was still par for the course.
Rated This is now one of my favourite places to visit in Mumbai! Located at Palladium only, i feel bad i missed out on this place in my earlier trips to this wonderful city. For non-vegetarians, the bbq pork burger and the bbq chicken pizza are a must. They served some fantastic freshly baked cookies at the end too.
Rated This is run of the mill non veg food joint. This place is damn cheap for the food they serve as compared to nearby restaurants. It is highly recommended for quick lunch or delivery to your office or home. Also they have AC family section which has decent ambiance.
Rated the mutton dishes have more oil than ONGC. i actually scooped out oil to fill a "vati". hence the rating at 3.5.If the hotel had decided to go less on oil and a bit towards healthy food it would have got a 4.5 from me....which is to say that the hotel is fabolous in every other criteria., service is courteos without being fake or showy...so is the ambience.Even when the hotel is fully packed, it seems airy and not too congested. The food is actually delicious and mouth watering .The delivery service is gd too.
Rated The veri first thing in Mumbai in terms of food cumes is its most eaten dish vada pav N aahok vada stall serves one of the best vada pav in the city Near to kirti college it's a veri small stall No seating available U will see ppl standing n having vada pav crowd at night is more We had gone there in night n there was such a long queue so i n my mum my frnd were waiting in my car n one of my frnd went n bought vadas n we had them in my car Chutney he serves is amazing N also dat small broken pieces 'churra' is also tasty only little more salty Must visit guys
Rated Hold on ... Dis eatery has dat South Indian flavour which distinguishes it from others ... There are a lot of varieties of Dosas available here and each one is amazing . Pineapple Sheera is not to be missed if one visits this place . Only drawback is we need to stand and eat and there is always rush at this place .
Rated This place serves one of the best sea food. One can order any dish and won't get disappointed. The only disappointment is that the place is very compact and over priced!
Rated Besides the bangda due to which the point 5 less everything was yum Food 4/5 Dessert 5/5 Ambience 5/5 Service 5/5 Calamari.mackerel.surmai.Bombill.neer dosa.solkadi.bibinca.mango and icecream....
Rated Well if you have acquired taste buds for authentic konkani food, or just want to try it; this is one of the places to be! Tried the prawns thali, surmai thali and bombay duck fry. The bombay duck seemed a little more expensive considering the quantity but the rest of the dishes were well within range. Some of the servers were a little arrogant but that doesn't take away credit from others. Finding parking is a problem here.
Rated Was a regular lunch joint while working in Lower Parel. Slightly bigger and less frequented than its twin opposite Mathuradas Mills. But still gets really crowded - if planning for lunch, best to reach by 12:30 pm. Good sea food - must haves - stuffed crabs for entree, pomfret fry thali (substitute the rice for vadas) and/ or prawn gassi with appams. Quick service, though slightly expensive...
Rated AVOID SUNDAY MORNING TOO MUCH WAITING BUT DO VISIT FOR MORNING BREAKFAST MY FAV RAVA SADA & NEER DOSA STEAM IDLI – DO TRY BISIBELE & APPAMS WITH STEW – SOMETHING DIFFERENT IF YOU WANT TO TRY FILTER COFFEE – HAVE THIS FOR SURE
Rated open mezzanine floors along with no A/C3 things you need to know about this place. Go here for breakfast (place closes at 8:00) Definitely try the upma and masala dosa here Have coffee after the meal here instead of ordering cold drinks. Its refreshing A old school joint which still manages to give new places a run for the money
Rated Ambience: 4/5 Food:3/5 Service:5/5 You guys have to try the stuffed chicken wings,it was heavenly. The fried rice was bland and had no salt. Other than that he lollipops were really different and amazing.
Rated My first and only visit to this place was very funny, I was very hungry and after seeing the photos of their "Misal" I couldn't resist ordering it. When the Misal arrived I asked him where is the pav! They said they don't serve pav 😝. That was the first time I had a Misal without Pav, which made me order something more filling so we ordered their special Sabudana Puri, it was seriously filling I couldn't finish thei full plate. Coming to the taste, Misal was very good plus less spicy and full of flavours, Sabudana Puri was okok for me because it was the same old Sabudana Wada without potatoes in it.
Rated Don't go on the outer look. Since my friend and I were really hungry after a long day, we thought of going here as it is "popular" between Ruia students. Ordered a masala dosa and medu vada and wasn't disappointed at all. (You even get extra sambar and chutney without extra charging *wink*) Low budget and stomach filling. It may be difficult to get a seat cause it's always crowded tho' And even cold drinks are available (not mentioned in menu). Service is quick and the staff is always in a rush so might not listen to your order at first. All in all, recommended if hungry, want a pocket friendly place and quick service.
Rated Anything served with chocolate can never go wrong. But to my utter dismay, this "chocolate" falooda wasn't so perfect. The falooda was too sweet. Even the ice cream didn't seem as tasty. Considering they have another varieties too, will try this place again for the specials.
Rated My colleague had suggested me this place. Staying in dadar and roaming in this area for 21 years didn't knew this place existed. After dinner we had our dessert here, spl. Kesar pista falooda. Oh my god! It had kesar pista kulfi also and ice cream too. Apart from that the mixture had milk , milk made, noodles, sabja and lots of kaju kishmis 😍. If you stay in mumbai and not visit this place, the. Do visit. 😜
Rated Baba falooda at Mahim is a well known falooda centre in the busy streets of Mahim. We visited there on Sunday evening and you will be glad to know that even if there is a lot of rush the people serving you are quick in terms of service. We ordered kulfi falooda and dear it's a hell damn tasty thing I have had till now. Will surely visit next time to try other dishes
Rated I went to ramsharay after hearing a lot from people around Matunga there is strong smell of filter coffee in adjusting lane. Crowded place lucky got a seat after 10 minutes waiting. Coming to food I order Mysore rava sada crispy dosa tasty bit heavy use of oil chutney and sambhar lack the taste. Pineapple sheera and strawberry sheera is unique and quite filling (I do not know they use pure ghee or dalda ) if you are near Matunga station give it a try
Rated Star Caterer Muthuswamy's showcase restaurant opposite Matunga Railway Station. This is the most innovative restaurant in Matunga. Personal favorites r Dal Vadai, masala uttampam, idiappam with vegetable stew, parotta with stew, and Rava Idli. The prices r bit high since the time they made the restaurant full AC but still worth the price.
Rated Absolutely delightful South Indian food. Quick bite place and very crowded. Coffee is awesome but beware the juice, found it rancid a couple of times so the lower star. The different chutneys are nice and find the sambhar tasty. Parking is a nightmare. So walk there from matunga East station.
Rated Two words. Nutella Waffles. They serve some of the most succulent waffles that you can have in Mumbai! I love their Mustard Chicken Burger as well(They have served it stale at times, but usually, the burger has been very tasty!) It is at times difficult to find a table even on a weekday, this in itself speaks volumes of it's popularity!
Rated Decided to call for home delivery when we came to know that baskin Robbins opened in Dahisar. They delivered really quick within 10mins!! (on phone they mentioned it might take half an hour!) And the ice-cream, do I need to say anything about it? Mississippi mud is a must have!
Rated Small place. But the brand value is maintained with the taste as expected! I and my friends tried almost 5-6 flavours and then ended up buying 1.. still the person serving wasnt hesitant! 1 rating less coz i love naturals more which is just 2 stores away!!
Rated This outlet of baskin robins is recently opened at kandarpada linkroad just next to naturals icecream. The place is very tiny ..having limited flavours of icecream. Tried an overload fruit ice cream sundae which was very good and yummy.
Rated My son was craving a Mc burger, thus we decided to visit here as it is closest to my home. Amongst many things we ordered, Mc Spicy Chicken Burger was one. When our order was ready and we took it upstairs to have it, my wife was shocked when she opened the box of the Mc Spicy Chicken Burger. She got a Burger of which someone from the kitchen staff had taken a bite off. I immediately took the Burger to the counter, and did show it to the staff there. Of course the staff was apologetic, and handed over a new fresh Burger to me. However, this is the least that you would expect from a brand like McDonalds (serving a Burger eaten by their team members). Don't know whether I would trust this brand any more. Sick.... Pathetic.... Very sad....
Rated yummy & tasty food... finally getting Ghar ka Khana in Office. On Time. it was worthful to spend money on your food keep providing your service for us..
Rated Its a place with an outdoor setting and claims to serve Italian pizza. I went to the place and ordered basic basil pizza and a sandwich. The food was not up to the mark and the chairs were too fragile to sit. The experience was not a nice one! On top of it the food was pricey.
Rated Good place to have veg pizzas. Paneer punch is a must try! Went there for the first time and got two 9 inch pizzas for the price of one. Must go place for veggies who wanna have pizzas.
Rated This is a classical example of a one man show running the entire restraint and taking care of the delivery as well all by himself. Mr Gawde the owner works really hard. Chicken chilly dry n egg fried rice is a good combo here to be had at any time.
Rated Bombil fry, a must must have dish here. Rest all the fish FRY dishes are good and can save you from disappointments. Gravy/curry one can order according to their taste but the quality would not give you justice. Visit only if you don't have any other option.
Rated The Best Cakes are available here... these people had put a stall in my office cafeteria.. from den I just mad behind their cakes specially Belgium chocolate and chocolate moouse cake..
Rated Have ordered cakes on numerous occasions and have never been disappointed. In larger cakes strawberry and ferero rocher were just amazing. Must try.
Rated Decent place to have a few pegs with your friends. The type of place where you don't care about ambience or crowd or service. Not overly expensive but not that cheap as well. Food is average may be even below average.
Rated Tried a lot of stuffs from here. Pastries, cakes etc are ok over here.. Eatables including veg and non veg section sometimes maybe old. Although all monginis outlets offer a lot of variety of food it suffers from quality from sometimes..
Rated I had visited line & spice few months ago when I had issues with my food... But in my recent visit there was no margin to complain... Tasty food.... Good service... Nice ambience...
Rated Value for money! Awsum food!
Rated Fine dining, no doubt. Visited on a Sunday night, finding it almost vacant. Ordered the spicy crab soup and a couple of fish starters, all of which were very satisfactory. The Prawns Kurkure is a must try. Butter chicken in the main course stole the show. Will definitely be visiting again!
Rated Y'day was a very hectic day so we decided to order at home! Flavours is nearby and they serve nice food! Paneer handi and roties were tempting us! But little disappointed with the preparation. There were many black pepper corns in the gravy and they were ruining every bite. Some people do like it but it changes the taste of the dish . Else everytime i visit , there is no problem with the preparation. And one more best thing about this restaurant. They give you 10% discount on home delivery.
Rated This is simply an "eating place" . If you like only the "food" part of the experience,its a must visit. Parking can be an issue ( and trust me on this, going there by a 4 wheeler can be your worstEST nightmare) . They provide a full meal and a sweet under Rs 100. The food gives a home-like feeling. The service time is superfast. The only downside is its location ie outside the Dadar station bustling with people
Rated Just had tea and pav bhaji. Crowded being very close to station and in prime location. Service is quite good, but food quality remains above all other things.
Rated Nice food. Simple restaurant..not very expensive (unless you consider 70 bucks for a misal expensive :P ) Have tried the south indian dishes and the misal ..both very good The puneri and adarsh misal are a must try.
Rated Fancy Interior With Dim Lights That Makes Up For The Warm & Welcoming Aura✨ Chinese Food Is Too Good! Call It The Appetizers Or The Main Course Evrythng Was Delicious. Offers For 2-3 Are A Steal. Quite Filling & Worth The Price. The Only Two Negative Drawbacks Are That The Service Is A Bit Slow & The Music Too Low.
Rated So sushi at home?? Quite lovely. Almost 2 hrs for delivery. So service scores 3/5 But what we got in the veg sushi platter was not bad at all. Food : 4/5
Rated Before I start, I will admit one thing. I have not been a frequent eater of Sushi due to its rareness and many pan Asian restaurants in India choosing to avoid it on their menu. Hence, seeing Sushi and More pop up so close to my home pleased me a lot. A Sushi based QSR sounded like a fine idea. It would introduce Indian palates to a food culture that is still largely unknown to them. I ordered a Green Apple Tuna platter which I assumed would be a safe bet. There are a very few things that could go off with Tuna in most cases. Most is not all however. The Sushi was packed well in a gorgeous box with soya, diluted wasabi paste and gingered onion sheets. It also came with a pair of disposable chopsticks. However opening the box revealed a different story. Japanese food is well known for many things, one being the presentation and arrangement. This platter lacked that with the rice looking ugly and falling off. I don't know which rice was used here but this did not feel like a fit companion for Sushi. If this was Maki then it was also lacking the trademark Nori wrappers. There is a subtle difference between umami and tasteless. If I had not eaten better Sushi before, I would have easily failed to notice this and attributed the lack of taste to Umami. Maybe it was the rice or the absence of some other ingredient but this did not taste like the Tuna Sushi that I had in my trips to the east. For Sushi, INR 500 a platter is cheap but I don't feel that it justifies the mediocre fare. A lot of improvement is much needed. =============================================== Food 3/5 Pricing 3/5 Service 4/5 grubzone.blogspot.com
Rated Very lazy service , we had burgers then after done I had impulse to buy a softy , the lady at take away counter gave a very back look more like this guy made me get up just for a softie , and in general the staff is lazy but food is good
Rated Life Savers!! Thank you for delivering food after 11.30pm... My parents weren't home and I was so hungry tried calling every restaurants but they refused to deliver food after 11.00pm, except this guys.. Thanks Again..
Rated A small udipi restaurent nearkhed galli. Been running from more than 15 years now. Ok for snacks and can try south indian snacks and juices.
Rated In the back lanes of Dadar (West), a few doors from the legendary Ideal Bookstore, is this amazing place for batata vada, samosa, juices and anything you can stuff in your mouth. Mouth-watering delicacies and super cheap prices. This place is usually jam-packed, stand-and-eat only. I have eaten there several times and have never been disappointed. Eating strategy: get only a “single” of their super-filling batatavada (deep fried spicy potato mash), and explore their other snacks. Skip the water, go for the freshly squeezed juices. Their chutneys are spicy, but the chinese fare runs bland. Carry hand wipes.
Rated If you are in the mood for Chinese food but too lazy to get out of the house, Soup N Grill will come to your rescue! Deciding what to order can be a task because of their extensive menu. Though once you place an order, the delivery won't take long. We ordered Chicken Dragon Noodles, Triple Schezwan Rice and Chicken Lollypop for starters. The portion size was huge! Given the prices, this place really serves some quality food. Loved the Chicken Lollypop. Look forward to trying the rest of their menu.
Rated Rilli a gr8 place to hav a dinner , the food is awesome , jst wit the seating issue's can't throw up a party over ther bcoz of small space .
Rated I am no kolhapuri all I know that kolhapuri food is supposed to be spicy and hot. With that in mind I tried this funny sounding place. Well they claim that they make North Indian food, which I think is an anomaly. Naming standard North Indian dishes on the menu and serving variants of the same masala base with differing colors does not make you a North Indian food place. In terms of the kolhapuri food, nothing rollicked my taste buds. This is a "I am hungry and I would eat from whatever is closest and still open" sort of a place.
Rated A place every waffle lover shudnt miss at all ! There waffles are out f d worldview! Specially the rocky road waffle is d most sinful thing one would end up having here ! A rocking 4.0 for the cozy ambience Nd amazing service !
Rated Its happening place .. Specially who are waffle lovers should visit this place and even ard in weekdays u will always find this place crowded .. Sophisticated crowd is der .. Too gud .. Even service is also gud .
Rated Reached here at 11.45 pm on a week day and still had to wait for a table for about 5 mins its that popular , I myself am not a big fan of waffles , had gone here to try the waffles upon lots of coaxing but I have to say I was blown away by the chocolate overload waffle , it is just so damn good, service is good, the patio serves as a smoke zone and people seemed to be endlessly coming in and out the 30 odd minutes I was der
Rated We order a lot from this place as its nearby the office and the food always is worthy. All in all try anything I am sure you won’t be disappointed.
Rated This is typical family place serving all our needs. Punjabi is too die for & highly recommended. South Indian being their forte. Never tried their Chinese yet.
Rated Well, they serve cupcakes in various forms viz, cupcake shakes, cupcakes ice creams etc. The only disadvantage in the Lokhandwala outlet is the stock of cupcakes. We reached this place around 4pm and by then most of the cupcake shelves were empty. We being left with not much options, we tried their triple chocolate cupcake shake and red velvet cupcake ice cream. The milkshake was topped with yummy whipped cream. My only suggestion would be to take care of the supplies as we didn't get much variety to savour.
Rated We were seated after a 15 minute waiting on a Sunday night, pretty acceptable. The risotto, fried fish and pizza all tasted amazing. They were very rigid about changing the pizza toppings though. Peach iced tea, a little unappetising in appearance, but delicious nonetheless. Pricing - on the higher side. On the service front, bad experience. It may be because of a full house on Sunday night, but that's no excuse. After dinner, we had to ask for the complementary lemon/basil shots. I called for the finger bowl thrice, but they seemed to turn a deaf ear towards it, so after waiting for 10 minutes, I had to walk off.
Rated Heard a lot about the lasagna here and it didn't disappoint. Never been to the restaurant but the dish was delivered hot to my place. Also, the chocolate cake was mouthwatering.
Rated So this is one of the places from my college time. Has a huge! place for itself & also a different take a section. Everything is pretty standard as per Mc D is concerned. We usually visit due to proximity to PVR & Nimals.
Rated This place is so low on energy :/ very shady & dark ambience with really dim lights. I have been here several times & it actually makes me wonder if with each visit the quality of their food & service deteriorates? The nachos were super bland & we actually had to ask him for salsa dip & white sauce. The corn starter was super salty & not at all crispy, pizza was so average & actually very low on taste. The only good thing they still serve is their sizzlers which gets a thumbs up from me. Visit this place only if you want to try their sizzlers.
Rated When you are about to visit an outlet with the name "The Chocolate Room" you have a huge expectation, but, this place is just okay. We tried several of their chocolate items and none of them stood out.
Rated Pizza hut is only good for pizaas apart from that nothing is good chicken pockets n wings not even mojito n service was also very slow.... On n all a bad experience....
Rated Cheap thalis that don't taste that great. But they seem healthy and are cheap. So that takes care of your afternoon lunch. If your office is close by you can drop by for a quick meal. chroniclesofneha.wordpress.com
Rated So I'm one of those who used to be the regular ones in Sarovar. I loved it as it had everything to offer in simplicity. The food was quite good in quality and quantity, until this one day. This said day I went along with my mate for our lunch, the usual order of ours is Thali or puri bhaji and we went for 2 puri bhaji finally, the cost for 1 plate (about few months ago) used to be 40/- in which one used to get 5 puris(thick ones, really soft) along with adequate amount of bhaji and some onion, which CHANGED to 55/- along with QUALITY. The moment our order came I saw the plate with 5 hard crunched like puris, which was pathetic in terms of quality. It was a drastic change, not to mention the kind of argument we had with the owner. It wasn't about the PRICE neither about the Quantity. It was ALL about QUALITY, I was really disappointed with the owner because he could have told the waiter to change the puris. But he did not and finally we end up paying the whole amount with our unsatisfactory will to NEVER VISIT AGAIN.
Rated Ordered a brownie burst and choco lava cake and both were good. the owner himself came to deliver who happens to be a hard working guy who really values all his clients. Brownie burst is a dark chocolate flavour with pieces of brownie implanted . it is a good pick for dark chocolate lovers previously I had tried double chocolate a dark flavour which was equally amazing. The choco lava cake when delivered was hot and inspite of being microwaved the cake hadn't lost its moistness. Highly recommended place ..!!
Rated Luckily chanced upon this little outlet around noon-time. Meredian is far from being an also ran ice-cream parlour, it has a wide variety of frozen desserts and shakes to offer; more than 10 types of cold coffees, a bewildering number chocolate shakes and some interesting sundaes. They also make 'mastanis' (a double scoop ice-cream in a flavored milkshake) which are actually a Pune speciality. I opted for their Black forest Cold Coffee and loved it till the last bite (yes bite, it was thick and had the consistency of a molten ice-cream), it was simply delightful. You bet I'll be back asap.
Rated Superrrrbbbb.!! Service is damn nice and they can make a cake in just flat 10 min.!! Seriously wow.. Their designs are damn amazing and they are all experts.!! The quick bites too is yummy.
Rated Just go for rawa cake for the traditional taste...rest all is ok stuff Small time bakery shop n have expanded their branches all across Mumbai
Rated It is located near Matunga station and very close to my place... My favourite is Rava cake...its yummy!!! We also like veg burger...twisted butter khari...cake toast..and there are lots of other varieties in cakes..
Rated This place gives you value for your money. Would recommend their fish thali, you'll eat to your fill and you'll never be complaining about the price or the quality. Even their biryanis are good. Only issue the food is oily, but that's true for a lot of restaurants. Food: 4/5 Service: quick 3.5/5 Hygiene: 3/5 Ambience: nothing to boast of really. 2/5 chroniclesofneha.wordpress.com
Rated Naturals ice cream is my all time favourite..compared to other ice creams naturals ice creams price is nt much...my favourite ice cream here is litchi...
Rated Ganga Vihar is the oldest restaurant in Matunga west area. This is a typical south indian restaurant which also has north indian and chinese menu. Few years back they renovated the restaurant and designed a 50 seater Air conditioned party hall. The prices here are high considering the prime location. They hygiene is not up to the mark as you will see some flies here and there. This is an average family restaurant.
Rated Have been waiting to try this place since so long. I must say it lived up to my expectations. It's already my favourite chinese place now plus their service is also quick. Coming back!!
Rated Its sad to see one of the best chinese joints turning into one of the worst one's.The paneer in paneer chilly felt like rubber and the chinese bhel was just loaded with salt n vinegar. The quantity served is also too less.Not at all worth the money.
Rated Our favorite dessert place... Love the flavors....;-) have been.here many.times... Same taste every time we visit... Not very costly nor very cheap also...but they surely have reduced their scoop sizes
Rated Well, I've never been to this place ever. But I order (only Non-Veg) from this place 2-3 times a week. The starters and gravies are tasty. Packing is sometimes done in a silver plastic bag which I despise, but they provide plastic boxes if you insist. My suggestion is that if you are low on cash or with many friends and you have to shell out the money, opt for this place in Borivali. Food is marginally cheaper than other restaurants but is vfm. Edit: I've visited the restaurant. There's no segregation of veg and non veg kitchen and same utensils are used for either.
Rated One fine evening I was really tempted to eat something cheezisious, so landed at Cheelizza outlet in Mahavir Nagar. This place is small & best known for their sandwiches & Garlic breads. But I skipped all their specials & instead ordered Chilli-Milli Sandwich only because it was mentioned up there "Chilli-Milli back to the menu - On Public Demand". Chilli-Milli tasted so pathetic that we didn't even thought of ordering anything else. Will try something someday at Cheeliza, when I am out of Chilli-Milli trauma.
Rated We visited Five Fat Monks after hearing about it a lot from friends.The place is below par ambience wise.But the level of customization that you can get is amazing.Right from whether you want your food in a bowl or a box to the things with which you want to garnish your rice/noodles.The noodles and rice tasted almost the same even though we had ordered different sauces and veggies but it tasted good nevertheless. Overall Ambience - 2/5 Food - 3.5/5 Service - 3/5
Rated Hmmm a nice place though but due to lack of space, crowded on weekends... Music kind of OK OK.. Food quality nice... And quantity less... If going on weekends suggest you to rather book ur table before reaching there....
Rated Discovered Bhojohori Manna at Galleria, Hiranandani Powai. Have committed to going back there after tasting the simply out of the world chicken Momo with the lip smacking chilly sauce, egg chicken roll and the crispest ever vegetable chop. Must try the Parshe jhal, kosha mangsho, etc. The service is quick, the price is reasonable and the ambience is very casual. Cost for a couple - approx Rs. 700. Sonali Mukhopadhyay Kaushik Moitra
Rated So after my late lunch at Chilie's I stopped here and asked for their show stopper. They gave me this rainbow cheese cake. The cheese was really nice but the cake layers were a bit hard. They lacked moisture and so did the outer garnish. Good ambience but average stuff especially when it's your flagship item.
Rated This erstwhile restaurant has been my go to place for Chinese for many years now. It's one of the oldest restaurants in Mumbai, part of the Nebula chain. And one of the few good restaurants in Dadar. I was introduced to the world of Chinese cuisine by this place. As a child, going here would mean being happy for 3 weeks. I used to be a fan of their Indian style Chinese /Chindian. But off late it has been losing its charm with slow service, disproportionate salt, etc. Nevertheless, it still is a good option for a cosy dinner or a small family gathering. Their Sizzling Chicken is to die for. Some other good dishes are Roasted Crispy Chicken Chilly, Chilly Chicken Rice. Summer Solution is one very good mocktail here.
Rated Avoid shev tomato bhaji not good It was tomato shev bhaji Sambar not that much tasty Bhakri was soft Batata wada had some different taste but lacking punch missing something in it Misal 3 marks out of 10 marks Pithla ok Have to really revamp kitchen spice trolly of want to make lip smacking food Overall go to aswad near corner for tastey marathi food Overall not that tastey
Rated So this is located just near Shivaji Park. Tried their chilly chicken Frankie. It was good but could have been far better. Priced at 90₹ it's ok not bad.
Rated Don't know if I should write a review for this place as I haven't tried much, but I am gonna go ahead with it. A small place sharing the room with Home Chef. Yummy little cakes and pastries. Also tried the chocolate muffins. Moist, light and delish.. If you have a sweet tooth, do visit this place, you wouldn't be disappointed.
Rated Maroosh means fanning the coal in Lebanese. This place has one of the finest menu's. I visited the Dadar Branch and must say that the place has one of the best Lebanese cuisine served. In a hurry I had to place a take away order and must say the packaging is quality apart. Chicken Shawrama with the Garlic sauce and dipped jalapeno beetroot pickle is something you just can't miss. Most importantly the meal did not get soggy which has garnered a +1 to Maroosh from my side DO NOT MISS TO BE AT MAROOSH
Rated One of my favourite places to have Ice cream. Been having ice here for many years. They were also slow to increase their prices unlike other ice cream shops. My favourite flavour is chocobite chips ... although initially they used to put more chocolate bits. Most flavours are good depends on your taste.
Rated I had break fast here taste. Ws good order a palak dosa it ws nt as expected palak was just speared as a jam or butter Onion tomato stuff. Was more then palak
Rated This review is just based on the pastries i tried outside ovenfresh as there was a long waiting time for the table.. and we couldn't resist trying the desserts before our dinner ;) We randomly picked pastries ( i don't remember the names now).. those were definitely fresh n delicious.. only thing is i found the portions too small compared to the prices they charged.. But definitely a must try..
Rated this review is for the small outlet in the entrance of the restaurant that they call the cake shop where they also sell savouries. having been buying stuff from here veg puffs, pastries, chocolates, pizzas, quiche et al . the stuff they sell is fabulous. i also buy cookies and garlic toasts which are really to die for. today i bought a box of chocolate fudge and walnut cookies. havent tasted anything this delicious in my whole life. go for it.
Rated This place is always crowded and its difficult to get a table but its worth the wait! The deserts and Italian food in this place are insanely good! Really recommend this place.
Rated I have been a regular customer here when I was in Mumbai n I liked the food here... lemon chicken I ordered many times... everything about this place is good.. for a casual meal good place to drop down... its on the main street of prabhadevi.. not that anyone can miss it by chance!! ;)
Rated Ok types - if you check zomato for cost review and go, you will be wrong. Place is not that great but price is...I found it less value for money I spent
Rated Though this place is literally stone's throw from my home, I went there after a very long time (~4 years). Seems like that the quality of food has gone down over time. Prawn cakes - dry and the sauces accompanying were not complementary Pad Thai noodles - too sweet Chilly fish - too sweet again Green curry - only saviour of the dinner Garlic fish - bland but at least tasted better than the rest My recommendation is to stick to green / red / yellow curries and give the others a miss. Special mention of the attendees - borderline rude and totally incompetent. Service was bad ... Took us an hour to get the main course.
Rated Decent Irani place , we had balti chicken special , balti mix veg , balti lasooni chicken ,roti , fruit beer , Balti chicken was good , lasooni was avg. N mix veg had same chicken gravy . Last not least!! Very slow service I mean really slow we where there for 2 hrs . but okay food .
Rated Nice ambience & friendly staff, but very average food & drinks! Place becomes quite crowded & it can get hard to flag down a waiter. Might not revisit here.
Rated One of the most happening cafe's in Bandra, located on one of the busiest shopping areas - Hill Road! This cafe has modern decor and ambiance. Even though their menu only consists of veg, you don't feel the need for non-veg items. Their waffles are something to die for!
Rated Hungry? & Late Night + Borivali == Raju's Kitchen Food Ordered::- -Cream Palak Soup -Prawn Tripple Schezwan -Paneer Crispy All were Ok & Prawns were Odourless but small in size
Rated I ordered chicken triple rice and veg triple rice today . The rice quality was average .hardly had any chicken pieces in the chicken triple rice. The taste was also not upto the mark.the delivery was quick. Quality of food was not as reviewed by publicq
Rated We went to have some decent food, but the chef came for taking our order(Yeah the chef came to take order as there was no one else present). And once you see the chef suddenly your urge to eat becomes half. And the rest will go out after you see the food. Its just horrible.
Rated Have been living in the same area near namaskar ,have been ordering from the place for a while now till i found a big piece of 1 inch broken metal in my veg hakka noodels which my mother almost swallowed , wouldnt recomend it to anyone.bad place to order
Rated Good and tasty food. Must try. Not famous for kabab as it takes more than 45mins. Chicken biryani and chicken fried rice.very cheap . Aaaawwwsome.....
Rated Was heading to Bajaj service centre and found this place... Thought to give it a try... Ordered for 3 glass of juice.. 1 watermelon 1 mosambi and 1 maramare... Had placed the order at 12:08 pm and received it at 12:26pm... The most surprising thing was my cheese masala dosa came within 5 minutes... Probably i guess it was already prepared... Service is very slow... Food taste is okay... Not at all pocket friendly... 3 glass of juice and 1 cheese masala dosa for ₹510...
Rated The name itself has become a landmark. Near Borivali Station and bang at a junction. Welcome is a Pure Veg Restaurant ( What else do you expect in Borivali ? ) Surprising that it is open till really late hours ( Sorted for my late night eats ) What to eat - Batata Vada , Usal Misal , Pav Bhaji , Masala Pav , South India items , Thali. What not to eat - Veg gravies separately with Naan n tandoori rotis. Rotis suck here. So insist on Chapatis only. Its not a cheap eating place though.
Rated Quite place on holidays. Service was too slow. And please don't try Rava dosa it was not up to the mark. Misal was good. Try this place only if you are really hungry and that too snack or breakfast items.
Rated We used to order often from this place. But once I found housefly in Daal khichdi and called them back to report the incident, but to my surprise they took it very casually. I personally think hygiene comes before taste, so am never gonna order again from them.
Rated Yes ...they live up to the brand name .... But this outlet keeps very limited items in stock . have tried almost all their pastries and have ordered birthday cakes from them since their start in our area , its always fresh and yummy and a family fav. Yeah and as someone already mentioned its the best desert parlour in the vicinity . the deserts never disappoint ....
Rated if you r visiting make sure don't try Punjabi dishes or Chinese starters .instead try idli wada sambar dosas uttapa.
Rated Have been here many times....as iys nearby and less crowded we sometimes hit this place...the best part is kids are allowed on the other side of restaurant where they have made lounge area with loud music and dance floor..mr kirti their manager is always cooperative and serves us at his best....its gun goin there in group...enjoy loud bollywood music and if u wish to hit the floor....a little expensive ...
Rated Been there on multiple occasions. The food is pretty good but the service irritated me more than once . There was very much lack of communication between the staff. Must try : chicken platter
Rated I had just been to this place and ordered for some south indian snacks kind of...like idli sambhar and dosa n all...those were ok...just as any other south indian restaurant...but the worst thing was we found a small live worm in the mosambi juice which we had ordered..never goin to this place again..probably will never even have mosambi juice anywhere else..
Rated Average place to have a party
Rated Awesome food !! Try Chicken chilly dry & Triple shezwan rice !!
Rated I have orderd pav bhaji, manchurian, pizza, noodles and masala papad and all the dishes are good to go. Waiters are ignorant there, they won't even listen to you unless you call them 3-4 times. Average price.
Rated It was a great time having Vada Pav @ JumboKing's Borivali outlet. Before having it, I was in little bit tension. Had missed bus to borivali, was in dilemma 'Will I make it on time to Borivali station?' But to my surprise, I reached station that early & I had little time to roam In Borivali's Bazaar & just there I found Jumboking. Once there, I ordered Butter & cheese vadapav. 'Wah! Kya taste tha!' It was so good in taste. I just loved it & got one parceled for my further journey to ahmedabad!
Rated It is original from Bhandup.. Since childhood I am having its vada pav at Bhandup but than they recently opened these place at mulund.. These place is quite big and taste is same at both the place
Rated The Bhau Vada pav is always fully crowded.The thicka lasoon chutney is temptful for the taste buds.The vada pav and the bajiya pav is huge and really tasty.
Rated I feel over the tym thou it has brought many more varities ........but masala soda is oly thing tht still drags me here.......rest al is k.As few me like few few may not.
Rated Go for their tiny cupcakes, they are best to have it. Also if you love red velvet cakes then Indulge is the place to be in, plus pan chocolate
Rated Its was my brother's birthday and we had ordered cake from here as we were bored from monigins and ribbions and balloon.We had ordered chocolate sponge cake.Cake was soft and mesmerising.Damn tasty!
Rated Whenever coastal food is on my mind, Nisarga is a choice which always pops into my head. Have been here so many times that I have stopped counting it. Highly recommended for the konkan/malvan styled fish preparations; be it fish tava fry, rava fry or even a simple fish curry! Add to it a dash of courtesy from the staff and it makes any occasion I've had over the years a happy one. The only negative side may be the lack of mobile network reception in their underground AC seating area.
Rated If you want something out of this world, try bake struck. Unbelievably creative and tasty at the same time. Just think of something and there you have it in the form of a delicious cake. Great job bake struck!
Rated I can only say one thing about this place ! It doesn't need a review...come over here...look at the crowd waiting to get a place to sit inside during the evening ...and the food will speak for itself..
Rated First time here nice outdoor space and huge indoor space. Service 3/5 Ambience 4.5/5 Food 2/5 They can just do something with the flavours just lacks that taste bud tingling sensation. Price 5/5 Overall a must try but not for the food.
Rated If you like chewy, crusty, hearty and freshly baked bread, Bakers Dozen is your "Go To" bakery. My favorites are the Pain aux cereales, fourgrain, ciabatta, focaccia and banana walnut wedge. Their pain au chocolat is sinfully delicious. Also if you're a fan of crackers, you will love their ragi crackers. The usually run out of stock very quickly so its better to go in the mornings and stock yourself with a weeks buy.
Rated Okkish. Not great. One time try. Taste of vada was okkish. It was a bit salty. Vadas are not garam, they keep in box which makes it cold. Definitely not a mumbaikar vada pav
Rated This counter is serving vadapav's from years.. A famous outlet in vile parle & PVT alumni.. Was on Hanuman road.. Heard about this outlet.. Was moderately crowded.. There's no menu as such.. But heard patrons asking for Vada pav.. Patti Samosa.. Kothambir wadi.. Had Vada pav.. & was delicious 😋.. Couldn't resist.. & had 2 more.. Patti samosa was also a good pick.. & if you follow Marathi snack.. Try kothambir wadi.. It will not disappoint you... Do plan to visit the place if in Vile Parle..
Rated Have been coming here from school days and taste remains the same till date. Especially good are the vada pav and Patti samosa. Patti samosa is something very different from what I have had anywhere else. The filling is absolutely yummy. Must try if in Vile parle.
Rated One of my childhood favourite joint. Have been eating this Misal since i was in the 9th std so that makes it about 35 yrs, and the taste has not changed since then, the seating has changed over the years. I relate misal with Mamledar where ever i go.
Rated One of the best places for having Vada Pav. The unique chatnis's which they serve with the vada pav makes it different from other places. There is a place in vile parle where a Vada Pav stall is given the tag for the best Vada pav in Mumbai. The people who have given the Tag should have first visited this outlet in thane .. They would surely regret with their decision of not making it here before deciding. Must visit place guys. Dont forget to have the Vada Pav on the leaf, It will give you the true pleasure of having it .. Cheers :D
Rated I've lived close to Tewari Bros for 20 years now and I think I have bought 90% of the sweets from them. The remaining 10% must be because I was in some other part of the city. They have a wide variety of sweets and I've never had any problems with them. Go there on a Sunday morning and the place will be full of people buying stuff for breakfast.
Rated The food was generally good though little pricey. Ordered veg and non-veg food. It took almost 15mins gaps between the veg and non-veg to get serve on the table. This eventually kills the enjoyment. The service was not upto the marked. Almost the waiters were glued to the projector where cricket was put on. Need to explicitly call if you need something. It took very long to get serve even on Thursday night where there were less than 10 guests inside. I don't know what will happen on weekends.
Rated We dropped in here one fine evening for a birthday treat and the experience was really bad. First of all the dishes made a huge hole in the pocket but they were not upto the mark. Both veg and non veg food was not at all satisfactory. After having a few starters we left without having main course. Bad experience.
Rated Amazing flavors of ice creams they have.. every time i order from here i try new flavors.. not a single flavor has disappointed till date..real natural stuff..cheers
Rated Baring the cards and photos of the owner not such a bad place .. But food specially South Indian is far from authentic .. Service is the saviour ..
Rated Nice restaurant if you want to taste Kokani-Goan food. A Good option for seafood. I was here in last month for office Diwali party. Only one complaint - service was too slow. Ambience : 3.5 Food : 4.0 Service : 3.0 Overall : 3.5
Rated A sudden plan made with friends.. but a total waste of time.. very shady dingy place. . Did not get a good vibe at all.. with all this the place was so expensive! !! What were they thinking?? An oldmonk quarter was priced at 700 bucks? ? Crazy for a place like that.. stepped out immediately after one drink!! Only good thing was music.. but then there arw better places to get good misic.. they really need to do something about the place or else will soon die out! !
Rated If you just wanna drink and chill out with your friends, this is the place for you! Food is a complete no no!! Long Island iced tea is amazing (surprisingly not much diluted). Had ordered fish soya chilli, which actually tasted like paneer! Nothing much in the menu! Very less Quantity.. Sober place (unless you order food) Ambience: 7/10 Food: 4/10 Alcohol: 8/10 Service:7/10
Rated Visited this place with my cousin brother.. This place is similar to Open house minus the live music.. Bollywood songs being played in the background along with a Projector screen where you can watch your favorite game.. Coming to the food, We had fryums, mandeli fry, bombil fingers and chicken lollipops.. Food was good. 800 for 2 is certainly a myth after eating so much.. So a bit expensive I would say..
Rated Ordered for chicken basil ,prawns jade and prawns in oyster also chicken fried rice all all were a super hit although it was a take out the quality of the dishes remained the same
Rated The only thing worth having here is their chicken triple schezwan, and maybe the chicken chilly. Rest of the dishes are just tasteless and oily, worst of all the chicken lollipop which is essentially chicken pakoda. But if you're hungry and it's late, you can bank on Paul's to be open. The ever helpful chotu will always find you a seat. And just in case you're not a triple schezwan person, ask for a Singapore rice and chicken chilly gravy. It's nice.
Rated Went Siddhivinayak Mandir and was a little hungry so zomato came into picture, found this place to be a little awkward from outside but still went inside. The food quality was great, since was with family (vegan's), so ordered as usual for them Dal Makhani and Paneer Masala with fried rice and Chapati. The quality and taste of food was a lot higher than expected but they could improve on the interiors.
Rated Ordered from here after reading a review from food critique par excellence rashmi uday Singh.....horrible food.....grease and spice is all you consume. Complete disaster. Never go by what these pseudos have to say. Lesson learnt.
Rated Even the 1 seems generous. Their onam sadhya is the biggest food fraud I have encountered in years. The food is anything but authentic, it is in fact bland, uninteresting and not even a remote semblance of the dishes they claim to be. Avoid at all costs.
Rated So After trying almost all udipis in matunga.. This time we thought of trying something new! Just going a bit straight from Arya Bhavan, we saw this Thambbi. So first of all, It's a very small place with some 8-10 tables. Place is a bit congested. Coming towards food.. We ordered Idli Sambhar and Masala Dosa. They are lip smacking. Chutneys were also tasty. So Overall it was a good experience. Gonna come back to try their Punjabi food.
Rated Potoba relocated on the opposite side of the road some time back and offers a wide variety of food, maharashtrian, Punjabi and South Indian. I have visited this place for their maharashtrian food always. Their food is average and nothing stands out in particular but not a bad option to have.
Rated This is a place which used to serve a great chicken biryani loved by everyone, but recently the quality has reduced and the taste has gone to a very poor level. This time the biryani lacked even the basic flavors which led to very substandard and totally not tasty rice. The chicken pieces were also not tender and the masala gravy that they gave with it made things from bad to worse. Before it used to be very flavorous and rich in spices but now it is an entirely different story. 1. Food: 2.75/5 2. Packaging: 3.5/5 3. Delivery Time: 3.5/5 neverknowsbest.in
Rated I ordered delivery from here using Zomato's Order app on a Friday afternoon. A large falafel wrap with two extras: hummus and cheese. Problem No.1: The food took over an hour to come. The delivery boy got lost despite detailed directions. I presume an ICICI Bank is a landmark one would know. Problem No. 2: When one orders extras one expects them to be part of the dish. I got two little cups with hummus and grated cheese in them. Not cool. Problem No. 3: The cups weren't closed properly, and spilled into the plastic bag. The falafel box, and not the falafel itself had hummus and grated cheese all over it. The falafel wrap itself was pretty decent in taste and big enough to make for a meal. For 170 rupees, it is not a bad idea. But the delivery needs to buck up significantly for me to order again.
Rated Located in front of smoking Joe's it might be hard to find. The restaurant is semi closed type. Service is just OK and seating is also just OK. I had ordered chicken Kathi roll and veg biryani. Biryani was very good but Kathi roll was just average. There are other better restaurant located in powai in same price range. If it is the chain of Kareem's Delhi then I am disappointed.
Rated Great food at cheap prices. The flavours are tasteful. Does not hurt your budget one bit. Roasted lamb with broccoli is a must try. Service is fast.
Rated This review is based on the two times I had food from here.. Once a takeaway and the other one a dine in! If I base my review on WA they delivered I would have give a 1 or if there was negative making then that would have been the score! Really pathetic! Well one evening there was chicken chilly at home n no fried rice or noodles and been super lazy with all the rain n thunder going on ordered mixed fried rice and veg Hakka noodles.. N since I can never say no to fried rice was waiting patiently for my food to be delivered.. Delivery was promt.. The food was perfect temp.. Proper packing etc etc.. The first box turned out to be noodles.. Which looked appetising.. White looking Buh packed with so many flavours., after a spoonful decided to pounce on the fried rice.. Opening the box I was disappointed.. The rice and egg was blackish.. Literally stinking.. Couldn't even have a bite.. So much for been excited about something I couldn't even eat out of fear that tomorw I might get up with food poisioning.. So decided better n safer side never to order from here.. So after that episode .. I literally never ordered or wen there fr food.. Few days back.. Had some work to with a friend and by the time v finished preparing presentation we realised it was 4.. We decided to head out to galleria.. We walked the whole top floor wanting a place where we could sit inside.. Buh alas nothing was open or service lunch at 4.. At last we reached China house abd much to my friends happiness they were open.. I decided that I really didn't Wana have here.. So anyways my friend ordered.. Chickn crispy as starters and chickn sizzles for main.. I tasted them.. My opinion chicken crispy was yum .. Sizzler a there is hardly any chicken.. And this sizzler has rice noodles Vegs n chicken.. Noodles yum, Bu@h rice! Yuck!! So my final conclusion is that they must really suck at making fried rice.. So stick clear from rice options. Ditch delivery option here
Rated If you are a fan of Mumbai Chinese food (mind you, it is very different from Calcutta Chinese), then Gypsy Chinese at Dadar and China Valley at Powai are 2 places you must go to. I have no doubt that every dish tastes different from the other, brimming with mighty flavours and awakening your senses! The steamed fish is expensive, but so gratifying and loaded with veggies, the roast pork chillies with spring onion I just drool over and the steamed chicken wontons sautéed in garlic and spring onions is not on the menu, but the discerning few who know about it, may get it on demand. Cost for a couple - approx Rs. 1,200. Sonali Mukhopadhyay Kaushik Moitra
Rated My sisters absolute favourite. Pretty sure they use ajinomoto (that's why the food tastes good) no way to have that distinct Chinese without it.. Highlights on Their menu are golden fried prawns, their noodles, fried rice and chilly chicken.
Rated Visited this place on the new years eve as all other places had waiting! I ordered chicken bejieng rice and lapchi kay starter ! The starter was quite good and decent in quantity! The bejieng rice sucked ! There was literally no spice no salt nothing! And bloody their rates are so high that you would never visit again !
Rated Good Chinese Restro in Powai if you are bored with MLC.... Typical Chinese food menu... Reasonable place for large groups... Generally crowded by people working in Powai
Rated Recently ordered a couple of Wok boxes from Wok This Way, Chandivali. I've tried the other outlets and found the food to be reasonably good, except that it was too oily. This time, however, I was slightly disappointed. The taste is alright. The quantity of meat was measly as compared to other restaurants. Also, I ordered two different kinds of Wok boxes, Sichuan and oyster chilly. However, the taste was more or less similar. What I will appreciate is that the packaging is cute, though the oil and sauces were spilling over a little.
Rated It's a take-away or delivery concept restaurant with a normal taste & nothing exlusive to brag about. You can order stuffs when nothing's around to eat & not for some special lunch or dinner plan!
Rated A small veg restaurant just opposite Boomerang. It is non A/c but the food is really good. It is my place when we dont bring lunch from home. A special dish here is Paneer Pasanda. It has fried paneer (not deep fried) which comes in white gravy (similar to Kaju Curry) and is sweet.
Rated The brand is allegedly Australian and if this is how the Australians have their pizza, I'm never going visiting! Ordered in twice and when the 1st time was disappointing, I attributed it to the fact that the place had just opened and was having teething issues. The 2nd time I ordered in, the experience wasn't any better. The pizzas are chewy and don't seem very fresh. While pricing is about on par with Domino's, the latter is definitely a better option. Tried the Chicken Extravaganza and the Chicken Supreme and they were both terribly disappointing.
Rated Saturday night tired of exploring new places, this place is opposite to our office there by enabling us to be lazy and not searching any other place. Expensive as far as beer is concerned. Food is ok service is good ambience is good the only thing these guys should do is stop playing songs that come on tv. Not at all pocket friendly, I'd recommend the pubs any day.
Rated This place is right outside my complex so stopped by to try it out one rainy day. Ordered the lola roll and kalimiri roll in the whole wheat option. It was really dry. It wasn't big on flavour either - just the meat with some onions. I'd say avoid this place and spend your 100 bucks on Kinara or Thambi next door.
Rated Awesome place! Love the garlic chicken and prawns chilli here... Ordered it every damn time I went!! Do visit, you won't regret it. The perfect place to give a treat to your friends without having to go bankrupt lol. There is an AC hall and AC room upstairs just in case the heat gets to you. All in all if you are up for some finger lickin' not so expensive damn good food... This is the perfect place then!
Rated I m really waiting for my treat over here!!! Though i have never been to this place ...but..still.....i wanna visit this place...because...someone has to give me a treat...sefu :p
Rated The food is okay & is similar to every other chinese corner you come across in Mumbai. Though I've had a bad experience with this place but still they managed to score 3 out of 5 by offering a better services in the next order.
Rated Not all that great... Dine in is very congested with limited variety of sweets and snacks being over-priced... Best thing to have here is Pani puri or Dahi Puri...
Rated The sweets are okay but there isn't much variety to choose from. Samosas & Vadas are never fresh & hence they always have to heat it in the microwave which taste bad. They also have a chaat section which is highly priced which tastes pathetic.
Rated If you want to know what place with a mediocre food quality and a pathetic ambience feels like then please do visit this place...!!!! Not worth your money and efforts their cook simply cannot cook....!!!
Rated Awesome food, light on pocket. The chicken chilly and chicken crispy are my favorites. Give it a try once. Deliver in time. My most preferred restaurant when in a hurry.
Rated Restaurant: GingerLocation: Chandivali Road, Near Lake Homes, MumbaiOrders: Dal Khichda, Tandoori Fish TikkaCost: Rs 320 . Background :) Ginger is very near to our place but it had taken long time to finally order from here. It started with my sis ordering for something one day and it came quickly and was okay in taste. Couple of months back, she ordered her routine Daal Khichda and we went for Tandoori Chicken starter with Naan. While the naans were just okay, the chicken was below average. Last week, again while I ordered Non veg from another place, the vegetarians in the family ordered the Daal Khichdi. Though I felt like digging into it, I stuck to my food, as I had to have it only by myself. So, next day, I had this craving for the Dal Khichada... LOL. ... Read full post on acemat.blogspot.com
Rated So today noon I felt like eating something homely..and tinyowl had a suggestion of this place. I ordered tadkewali daal n roti for lunch. The daal had more garlic and coriander then daal itself. The rotis were very hard to break. So I may try to give the place another shot by ordering something else which is recommended but for now, let's say its a flop place
Rated The delivery was not delayed, they did it on the committed time. The one item I liked specially is honey nut crunch ice cream. The banana split is not much exciting.
Rated They offer good food and d service time is good..pricing can b a little lower. Yes,they don't offer everything that's there on menu,which is unacceptable sometimes. But d place is only about food,nothing else..
Rated There are days when you in a hurry forget one part of your lunch at home. I had got neer dosa from and was wondering what to order as the curry. Read good reviews about this place and ordered mutter panner. The panner was chewy and the whole curry was a bit bland. Didn't expect this.
Rated Like this place because of the food only. Servers are awfully rude. Bandra quench is so warm and the servers are really kind. Here, we werent allowed to sit in a sofa seat despite it all being empty and he challenged us to leave the seat once a bigger party arrived. We were 3 of us. Bad plannig that you put only group seats near the window! Musthaves here are penne paprica pasta and the cheese balls. Happyhours are another amazing thing!
Rated Well one of my friend suggested me this place in vashi, where you get drinks on MRP. Located inside InOrbit mall, third floor specifically. You pay 50 bucks as entry fees. The ambiance is just average, and the place is mostly crowded all the time, as they have themed nights for every single day of week. Food menu is very limited, and so is bar menu. Most of the drinks were out of stock when we ordered beer. Had to settle for peroni. And for nibbles, we ordered keema pizza which was surprisingly good, and finished in no time. And nachos, but I didn't like it much due to too many beans in it. Overall, the place is fine, but crowded as anything. Recommended if you're desperate to have cheap drinks. Cheers.!
Rated Nice place to have booze as the rates are as cheap as MRP a small place but best place to booze if u r going with your friends food there is tasty but quite expensive and quantity is also less
Rated Always crowded as expected, Very difficult to find table after 9 pm on weekdays also...Delicious food & average price of liquor with music.... Perfect place to hangout with friends.. !!
Rated We were here on 31st brunch! The place is okaish! We ordered some chicken starters which were bad and soggy! Then we ordered chicken sizzlers which was again okayish! I won't recommend this place!
Rated True to its name, this place is most apt if you are wanting to grab a drink on a Friday. The appetisers are just about passable though! Give the place a miss if you're wanting to sit some place quiet and chat while you eat with your dining partner.
Rated I adore that semi-east Indian (probably from Orissa) guy trying to convince me that the chom-chom stock is finished and he was helpless for that. Awww, gimme some Komolabhog instead. Wait, first one Kochuri and then one Ghee-er Singara, then Komolabhog. I'm done.
Rated So I have ordered Pav bhaji and pulav from them in the past .. And I used to love their food .. But then .. In today's package .. I found a fly in the pulav that I ordered ... Seriously disappointed by the hygiene they maintain ... Cannot consider ordering from them in future :( :(
Rated Taste. Price. Originality. Service. This place has everything. Haven't been here since my friend moved out of Powai but going to go again very very soon. their special combinations are madness.
Rated All the good things just got wiped out with the stale plate of chilli cheese toast that I got served today! Absolutely shocking to know places like Starbucks blink at hygiene!
Rated Sbarro has opened its outlet at worli so I thought to check it out ! I ordered a pasta this time and tried the mama sauce and Alfredo sauce Pasta...... The mama sauce was made using tomato garlic and dried herbs .... The Alfredo on the other hand was cream and cheese sauce infused with herbs ... Both had the right flavour n ingredients but had one major problem..... They were watery ! The reason was that the guy made the pasta in a jiffy !!! So there was no time for sauce to cook and get thick.... But the amusing part was that the cooking time was 2 minutes but the waiting time for him to start cooking was 30 minutes!!!! Unacceptable !!! Get a grip ! anandtiwari.in
Rated I have waited 3yr to go to this place and finally it lived up to all the expectation it built. Located very close to the Worli signal junction around 300m on your left is the Four Season's hotel. Right from the time we enter the drop-off point the place doesn't fail to disappoint! Extremely courteous staff at all the check-points, at the entrance, at the lift, at the bar counters, at the lobby! Complete score on the service. We were lucky or I guess entered at the right time since we were not asked for any cover charge as I'v heard that they charge 2500/- as cover on weekends! we went on a Saturday evening at 7pm and escaped the cover! Dunno how, but we did. We couldn't get a table for 1.5hrs but the true ambiance and view of the place is all set to blow your mind apart. There are 2 divisions one on the left that gives the sea view and gives a far-point view of the marine drive as well on clear days, the other side has the Mahalakshmi race course view and the rest of Mumbai. The view is totally something that takes your breath away. The drinks are meant to set you up and these didn't disappoint, we went for the highly re-called "Joker" and Vessper Martini! The joker stole the show and i was equally impressed with the Martini (sadly my friend wasn't) wonderful experience, we spent around 3hrs at the place, would come for the sunset next time around. Drinks -5/5 Ambiance- 6/5 Service - 5/5 Value - 4/5
Rated Ok this place has a stench which I can really decipher.. Rodents or Moisture.. Too inter-winded with each other topped with a loose fragrance floating around.. Since its a hop skip jump from home, had done Visarjan yesterday and did not wish to go far from home owing to the traffic possibilities on the streets.. Made a headway for this place.. Food to be honest was not bad like the space, it was passable at the price you are paying - 4 Butter Paranthas, Chilly paneer and paneer pasanda for 544 was an average price to pay.. Well had to pack it up and take it home as the place was claustrophobic and also the stench.. Can pass this for a visit, but on a basic food day can order home delivery for the economics of pricing. The paneer pasanda could be much better..
Rated Fresh, and how! This is an office favorite and sadly, for our waistlines, a place our office boy is frequently dispatched to. His expanding waistline is proof that he can't resist the draw of this place either. We usually celebrate events in office with cakes from here with the walnut cake and the chocolate brownie being favorites. However, the rolls and breads are not to be missed. The chutney croissant sounds odd but is rather tasty. Other mentionables are the chocolate croissant, the lemon tart and the vegetable patties.Have never tried the brun from here but going by the number of people waiting in line to take them away, I'll bet that they are pretty darned good. Sadly this place is all vegetarian. Now if only they had them yummy chicken patties!
Rated No complaints wit subway food. I prefer subway over McDonald's. Healthy food with some taste. Ky personal favourite are Mexican patty and paneer tikka. But the staff of dis outlet is actually ridiculous 😤.
Rated I usually eat from the Prabhadevi or the Mahim outlet but since I was at work, I had to go to the Worli outlet. A warning: The Worli outlet is crowded. I guess a lot of the office going people must be coming here for their lunch requirements. I would strongly suggest that you opt for home delivery. We went in for the Peppy Paneer (one of my favourites). As what goes with chain restaurants, the pizza was the same as what you would have in any other outlet. For dessert, we got an offer for Butterscotch Mousse Cake. I never had this before and I thought it was great. This outlet is good. The only complaint I have is the peak time crowd and the somewhat lack of air conditioning.
Rated This one is very close to my home and usually I order spicy chicken chessy burst , garlic bread with cheesy dip and chicken dominator, my all time favourite has been any cheesy burst pizza preferably spicy chicken, my son loves chicken dominator a lot . I usually have lot of offer coupons so my frequency of having meal at domino's is high.
Rated This is my 1st Dominoes Pizza review and I guess i will be on a Dominoes Pizza Reviewing Spree as I have planned to rate all the dominoes I have visited so far in Bombay. Everybody knows about Dominoes Pizza quality, their irresistible offers n combo meals that make us commit the sinful act of adding more calories and junk food to our gastric system. So this joint is also nothing different than any other dominoes that I have frequented. We had the meal combo swrving a medium pizza fries and a coke bottle. Service - 3/5 Ambiance- 3.5 /5 Food - 4/5 Pizza was good. Fries went soggy. VFM 4/5
Rated Visited this old restaurant after ages and nothing has really changed.... The same interiors, same food and always crowded!!! Food is very regular with fast service but wht I don't like about this place is that they serve pav bhaji only after 3.00 p.m. :(:(:( The best part is its damn CHEAP restaurant in such a locality. Super-Duper value for money. If in this area one can definitely give it a try.
Rated Its located near by my house only, i usually order home delivery .its a veg resturant with quality yummy dishes n quick serives.they also serve breakfast
Rated #ZeroZeroAteReports from The Tasting Room, Lower Parel Two points of caution about #TheTastingRoom - Don't go there if you're in a hurry (at all), it's not a fast-service place. And the big table in the corridor gets stuffy at noon because of poor ventilation. But it's all compensated by great food and rather romantic ambience. It's a tad bit steep for the quality but hey, the ambience (minus the wait time) makes it feel worth every penny! In the picture: Vegetable Cigars & Stuffed Mushrooms with Cinnamon Caramel Dip.
Rated This branch has opened recently and is a very tough competitor to the neighboring Le 15. The macarons here are simply perfect! The shell is not hollow. The crust is uniform and the fillings are generous and flavorful. The tahiti vanilla, caramel, Mint dark chocolate and the marshmallow candy are some of the macarons you have to try. The desserts are a bit expensive but one of a kind. It's as if each of them is a piece of art! It's not just the taste but also the presentation and colors that the food is a treat for the eyes as well. The open ambience and interlocked wheels give the place a novel touch. Also, the service is quick and the waiters are enthusiastic. Unfortunately, the number of tables is less and it would be difficult to accommodate large gatherings here.
Rated One place that never ceases to amaze me! Located in a tiny corner next to Pa Pa Ya and Punjabi Grill, this is by far the best place for macaroons in the city. La Folie has some crazy varieties of macaroons ranging from maple and bacon, cheers flavored, goats cheese and fig, lavender & my favorite 70% dark chocolate. Apart from macaroons they also serve coffee, Gourmet chocolates and pastries. Pastries are to die for! 100% value for money and full marks for taste! thenomadicgourmet.com
Rated Its that kind of place : where you can just drown your worries away in Chocolate, Simply Loved the Hot Chocolate, sinful, decadent and beautiful till the very last drop. I am sure the rest of the desserts on display were wonderful too, but could not go overboard keeping in mind the calorie count, so coming back soon on my next cheat day for sure.
Rated Skyline of Mumbai looks nothing less than breathtaking from here. But we were welcomed with a warning that the table will be available till 10 we can sit on the counters if we want giving we had booked the table from 9. Damn a spoiler alert from the beginning. We ordered few drinks and a prawn dish as we really had very less time. And the place was pricy too.DU UHHH what do you expect it to be placed on the 40th floor of ST REGIS my bad!.We would have liked to stay but before they could drive us away we walked out but while walking out we found many table empty we in no mood to go back though.
Rated Been to the one at Khar twice and somehow I never wanted to go back to this place. I'm probably the only one I know who feels this way! A team party took me to the one at Lower Parel last night. Since everyone has been raving about it, I thought I should give it once last shot before I let this place off my list. Sadly, it couldn't change my mind! Drinks 😕 they got a basic cosmopolitan wrong Food 😕 I didn't particularly like any item from starters to mains Music 😕 the DJ had an attitude problem Staff 👍🏼 all of them were very courteous Ambiance/ decor 👍🏼 I think this could be a good day-time hangout place- I will never never know since I'm not going to visit this place again for sure. For night scenes, I definitely recommend The Social or BSE Colaba!
Rated Such a decent place to hang out with buddies!!! This place gives you the real 'bombay' feel!!! wide menu with lots of food items!!! Nachos and pizza were Yummm!! Doshi Zeel
Rated The chinese varieties in the menu is big in number... They sometimes go under board with the masala... But never seen flaws in their chicken. Wok Hei is better than okay
Rated One if the worst way to parcel a take away Thai curry is in a plate with foil please change that asap.....if it was not for the tuna salad and buff burger I would not have even thought of saying anything good the Thai curry too checked all the spots.....
Rated Authentic Punjabi food. Its very close to my office, been here 3-4 times. Delivery is little slow. Food :3.5, Ambience 4.0, delivery-3.0 service:-3.5. Overall 3.5 for me
Rated Really good choices of Italian Cuisine . If I had more time i would have been Indulged with it. If you are bored of Italian Cuisines this is the place you should try. Especially people of #Dadar and #Parel.
Rated This was my first time at this outlet of MOD.. as such this outlet is a bit smaller n just hs 2 stools near d counter and its kinda claustrophobic due to less space..i tried a cookie overload and colour me bad for the first time..cookie overload was really awesum load with crushed cookie at the sides and filled with and topped with a nice sauce..its a must try if u want sumthng odr than chocolate..color me bad was kinda ok..topped with colored soaf like stufd sprinkled on a chocolate topped donut..but overall it was a satisfying experience..
Rated Want to have some light snacks ... not crowded like weekdays .. had a chicken burger, chicken fries and a mango shake ... love their shakes so much cant wait to order again . ..
Rated Tried Chicken Tikka Burger, Chicken Nuggets and Strawberry Shake. Except for Burger other stuff tasted regular. Nice ambience. Service was quick.
Rated I have been visiting Uttam da Dhaba for around 15 years now and the food has not changed. At least not noticeably. The food is scrumptious. The typical Punjabi fare is their speciality. The ambience of this hotel is nothing to speak of. There are two sections here. The one inside has been made in typical dhaba style where I have just to once. The one outside is just like any other restaurant & nothing special. The service here is quite quick but one will not get sophisticate service that some patrons might expect. The waiters will help you with the menu and just do their job. I have never had anything to complain about the service. But the waiters do seem to lack professional training when you compare them to those in other restaurant. But then it is not a fine dining restaurant anyway.
Rated The perfect place to go with friends to, after a tiring day's work. Specially if you're really hungry and are not particular about the ambiance and so called "class". We did the same last night and ordered egg Saoji and mutton saoji, along with plain roti. One warning, though, you need to be careful while instructing the staff about the amount of heat in your food. I ordered the spiciest versions available because my taste buds do have a fairly high threshold as far as spice is concerned. I was not disappointed. Apart from the aggressive seasoning, the meat was cooked to perfection. Rarely have I seen mutton cooked to such tenderness with the moisture and flavours intact. For that particular reason, I will visit again. The staff are pleasant, but the service is virtually non-existent.
Rated #101 My first restaurant in Mumbai. Jus when I thought where to go and this place appears jus close to where I'm staying. I'm visitor to Mumbai. And this subway quenched my hunger. Let see how Mumbai cusine gets along with me.
Rated The subs are fresh. The place should be kept more neat and hygienic. The staff is a bit arrogant at times. The subs make up for the drawbacks of the place. My favourite is the chicken teriyaki sub with southwest sauce.
Rated If you want to go to barbaque nation, fast for a day and then go. You just can't miss the food they serve there. Starters are something you can not stop eating but to have some space for the desert you have to continue eating :PSO we also have live food counter where you can have PAsta and main course.After this is something we all love deserts are so yummy again you just cant stop eating.After eating desert I could try the kulfi at the kulfi counter. There were so many varieties of ice creams.Thank you for the amazing experience. :)
Rated I have ordered Chilly chicken and Pasta. Chilly chicken tasted good and was made as per the request. The pasta was more creamy and was little sweet because of this.
Rated Tasty paneer Frankie and really good tea. Mustea mustry. Service is little slow and area is small but food quality is good.Should also serve samosas if possible.
Rated Went in here one evening after work, they have their Happy Hours on weekdays where IMFL is one drink free on one. Their service is really slow and you'd have to beckon the waiters multiple times before they actually serve you. The food is passable as obviously people aren't here to eat! The music is really loud and kind of annoying. So is the whole dark thing they've got going. A few lights would really help! thefoodauror.blogspot.com
Rated Ordered a veg silli chilli noodles for lunch, it looked good and less oily. Tasted very well too.. But it was very silly with no chilly. It was flavoured Hakka noodles but tasty for sure. Not too good not too bad but yes I expected something spicy or more flavourful food.
Rated Good Chinese restaurant in the area; quite authentic value based on the price list; focused menu and god quality; though the consistency is bit lacking; packaging is also inconsistency.
Rated I tried this just because of the uniqueness of the shape. I was very angry since it took an hour & 15 mins to deliver. We had a Patakha Chicken & Chicken Fiesta pizza. For both pizzas the crust was standard since you dont have options to change crust in online orders. The crust was very thick and heavy. Toppings in both pizzas were nice in quantity but Patakha Chicken lacked taste whereas Chicken Fiesta was delicious. Overall an ok experience. While ordering try to have other pizza crusts rather than standard crust
Rated Bad food, good ambience. Ordered the nachos, garlic bread with cheese and white sauce pasta. The nachos were simply out of a packet; not fresh and slightly on the soggy side. The garlic bread lacked any kind of taste. The pasta was good and cheesy privided you add a little salt.
Rated We to spirit today with my office group for lunch.... started with non veg platter and i must confess they were too good.... kebab and tandoori chicken..... then for main course we had ordered Chicken Peshawari and it was yummy.....along with biryani.....the aroma of biryani make me fall in love this place.... Next tym will go for dinner to taste more things they offer..... Cheers😊😊😊
Rated I ordered for bhuna gosht and garlic nan. Garlic nan was good however bhuna gosht was absolutely tastless.I had checked with the restaurant guy and he confirmed that the Bhuna gosht was a dry preparation however what received was few mutton pieces in box full of tasteless tomato gravy .My only point is the guy taking order even listening ?? Spoiled my Friday dinner
Rated The moment i entered this place all the waiters started staring at me and my friends. When I asked to increase the temperature of A/C they just ignored me. We ordered pulav and chicken fried rice which was good in terms of quality and quantity but for service I'll give 0.
Rated Have been here somewhile back with my collegues. The place is located on the crowded SakiVihar Road. They have a parking area in the compound. There is a separate seating for families and a lounge too. We went to the lounge, its a good place to relax with food and drinks. We ordered Budweiser and Kingfisher beers and a Fruit Punch. Some chicken starters to go with it. The service is good and you can sit their for hours dining/chatting and no one disturbs you.
Rated Ordered from this joint after a recommendation from one of my friends. My experience with the restaurant was not good to say the least. Ordered a non vegetarian combo, a chicken pasta and garlic bread. A 25% discount for ordering online was taken up as well. The pasta was decent in taste but only for the Indian palate. (Spice+oil in generous amount) The garlic bread was peppered with oregano and chilli flakes making it again fit for the Indian palate. The non veg combo was the disappointment of the evening. The chicken was not cooked, dal was poor in taste and rice was bad as well. The gulab jamun was a ball of flour and seemed to have missed being dipped in sugar syrup. The restaurant goofed up on the order by not sending parathas along with the combo. Arranged for it after multiple calls to the restaurant. The straw on the camel's back was the response I received from the number provided for complaints... Sorry I'm busy. Call later. Photo attached... Would advise against visiting or ordering from this place.
Rated All the cakes they serve are eggless, but really yummy. Most of the times when ever we require a cake in office it comes from here. Never had a bad experience. The cakes are always moist, fresh, creamy and yummy. Their choco hazelnut is a must try.
Rated Had the most delicious lunch break here. Such a cute place and it's sad that not many people are aware of it. Do try their vast range of cupcakes, coffees and paninins.
Rated Wrestling the chaotic traffic at saki naka kills your appetite and energy but still anticipating a good meal keeps you going but there were more misses than hits but the ratings are more for ambiance and the peace of oasis among the traffic desert outside called saki naka. Situated at lobby level of holiday inn,was there for the dinner buffet .Ambiance as expected in star property with high ceilings and chandeliers and works..and tables nicely spaced out and relaxed atmosphere, as it was a week day low density to mumbai standards itself was plus point. This review is limited to veg. dinner buffet. Limited starters in veg. and only pasta in live counter .Requested the staff for some grilled paneer which they obliged which was better than other starters.The kebabs were good but rest all were misses. Main course too was bland except one mix veg sabzi.Surprisingly the thai curry was the star in main course which gave some spice kick needed to our indian buds.There were som chinese staples like fried rice and bamboo shoot dish but didnt venture.Sultani daal was daal and salt in ratio 1:1. Deserts were more of variety than of quality. Coconut laddu spot on.Phirni spot on.Pastries, fudges,mousse and tarts were misses which couldnt please my buds. Strawberry icecream the lone one lying at the end in a copper vessel without refrigeration had become a milk smoothie.. Service was lousy and un enthusiastic and life less as if zombies performing. So if you want peace of mind, ambiance and nice relaxed surrounding within a star property and food comes secondary this one comes in handy but if foodz the priority ...many other stalwarts at lower cost who can beat this hands down on their bad day too.
Rated It was a Saturday night and was wondering where should I go with my roommates. Then we thought we should just order from outside. We ordered from kailash parbat crispy chilli potato, paneer chilli dry, Manchurian and Hakka noodles. Firstly the price that we paid was as good as we pay in a restaurant. The food wasn't as expected. Leaving chilli potato we didn't like anything. Manchurian balls were raw from inside. All 3 of us got a very bad stomach ache next mrng.
Rated Slightly Expensive but the Kaali Daal is just amazing. Have it with rice and some of the murgh kebabs and i am sure you would over eat. Always order starters from this place when having parties at my place. When we have drinking sessions then kaali daal and rice are picked.
Rated I don't think there is any restaurant (in mid range) in Mumbai for sea food which is better than MLH. Been here several times and have never went disappointed. Great space and service. Known for its sea food but the regular north indian will also be surprising. Do serve alcohol who wish to have few beers with fried fish.
Rated So i heard alot about this place but after staying in goa for 2 years i had my doubts about eating seafood here. On insistence from my sister i came here we ordered butter garlic lobster fish malabari curry vd rice butter chicken soup etc for the seafood i wud say its very average i think lobster was overcooked n wasnt dat tasty fish curry was good but not great I dunno wat the hype is about I wud rather go to sm other place than come here.
Rated A heavily crowded place with clumsy seats. We had to wait for quite some time to get table. But the food was better than expected. A nice place to have veg food at quite low price.
Rated 1. Food 3/5 food was ok ok tried the buffet nothing special about the food. 2. Ambience 5/5. 3. Value for money 5/5. 4. Staff service. 5/5. 5. Location near saki naka metro 5/5
Rated Ambience - wonderful shady place with live matches on big screen. Food - lips smacking food ,. Must try sizzlers and pasta. Only con is they only have kingfisher beer in pitcher.
Rated Went there today for the second time. One thing we can be sure of is the familiar taste of Mainland China irrespective of which outlet you go. Only wish the prices were a little lower. Two of us went today and we ran up a bill of almost 2k. Just one soup, a veg starter, chicken noodle and General Tao's chicken. They don't serve their value for money buffet at this outlet.
Rated First of all I would suggest everyone to make a reservation for this place otherwise it is impossible to get a table on weekends. Opa has an Arabic theme I believe and it also has scenic view. The food is good , the drinks are okay and sadly I did not get to try their sheesha hence I can't comment on that. But I would definitely go back here.
Rated If They had more No. Of outlets in the City they would be surely giving Other pizza outlets a run for their money. Yes their pizzas are that tasty. Must haves- keema garlic bread & butter chicken pizza. Didn't give full points cos management doesn't give a shit about hygiene There's a mouse dead outside their door There's a ton load of garbage right outside their outlet. Take away is the best option, although staff is great avoid Dining in.
Rated If Chef Isep Hidayatulloh can make it all the way from Indonesia to Mumbai just so the good people here can partake of the flavours of Indonesia, can’t I travel mere miles to experience the flourish of his culinary brush? Of course I can. Alas, I missed the opening ceremony at Pondichery Cafe, Sofitel BKC thanks to the demands of my hectic travelling schedule. But I did make it there on a Saturday afternoon with a friend in tow. ... Read full post on trailstainedfingers.com
Rated We went for a dinner buffet at Pondicherry Cafe and there was a Bangladeshi Food festival going on there which had quite a few varieties of vegetarian food. They have world cuisine spread from Asian to Continental. The live pasta and pizza counters adds more value to the buffet. The varieties if desserts are also a lot.
Rated We tried this place for breakfast on our visit to Mumbai And we were not disappointed The breakfast buffet spread was very good. Nothing fancy with very good taste and service The rates of the buffet are also ok not too high priced We almost tried everything from idle sambar to eggs and fish Must visit for a lazy Sunday breakfast
Rated I was really surprised with the reviews this place has got on Zomato. After reading the reviews I was very excited to try out this place however it was a very disappointing night. Went for the dinner buffet. The ambience is pretty average. Nothing great. The buffet spread was very limited. The dishes were average or below average and some of them seemed stale. The salads were the only good thing about this place. The starters and main course were not at all good. The pasta sauce was sticky, the chicken wasn't well cooked, had to send the noodles back because they tasted weird and out of all the desserts only 3 were decent. The pastries were very dry and seemed stale too. Bad experience. A definite no no !
Rated Confused on what to eat?? then head to Citrus at the Leela, either it will solve it or add to the confusion with its lavish spread of Lunch and dinner buffets! Been to many buffets over the years and will surely rate this amongst the best for the sheer range and great taste across multiple cuisines. Have had both Lunches and dinners here and have to say it has impressed me on all occasions. the spread covered Indian (both north and south with a live dosa counter) , Chinese, continental, Thai and British (if fish and chips can be called a British dish). The desert section too is mighty impressive. Only drawback which is a problem across this property... the staff.. not bad but not what you expect at Leela. Here is my score - Ambiance - 4/5 Service - 3.5/5 Taste - 4.5 / 5 Value for money - 3.5/5
Rated Very good veg sushi. Fried rice was nice and spicy. Asian menu. Service was very slow. Also they didn't have stock of most of the single malts.
Rated It's double mutton burger is a must have. Especially because it doesn't blast your stomach due to imaginable reasons. The fluffy dish just takes you back to your childhood and puts you in the center of the universe.
Rated Good food can't say much. Had heard so much. But probably when I had gone i really got served unusually. I am sure it is the way people brag. Have not been since. But look forward to stop n grab a bite someday.
Rated As college is coming to an end am trying to go to all the places on my wish list. This being one them. The place is not hard to find if you travel around bandra. It's a small place with hardly 15 covers and is without any air-condition or proper doors. That's a major set back. The staff seemed friendly the food was a bit more than average. But the major set down happens due to the ambience. And they have cheese sticks on the menu but don't serve it. That was heart breaking. Do try the Italian burger as the mozzarella cheese does its work right. There are not many beverages to go along with it that's another sad part. But if you go select the burgers over sausages unlike my company who did that and regretted it.
Rated We were bored at home so decided to try this place ! Small setup, very less variety in the menu and not so great taste. We ordered a spicy chicken pasta and an Arrabbiata chicken pasta. Shawarma was decent but the pasta was really bad. It felt like have chicken, penne and sauce separately. No blend in the dish at all. The quantity was also below expectations looking at the place and the price they were charging. Overall a boring and dull experience. Ambiance: 2/5 Food: 2.5/5 Service: 3/5
Rated Love this place.. D cold stone ice creams here are super.. My all tym favourite here is the double chocolate therapy, it's chocolate all d way.. A MUST TRY fr chocolate lovers..




Rated The cakes served here are yum and cheap.😋The beligan chocolate and mixed fruit cakes are the cakes you must try.

Rated Post dinner at Busago and a drive around Carter Road, we come to the dining area at Carter Road. Decided to try this place. Had the hazelnut crunch cake which was strictly okay and nothing crunchy. The blueberry cold was superb. They have a variety of desserts.



Rated Simply amazing pastries! Heard about Chef Iranpour for the first time - my ignorance... Must visit for pastry lovers, they also have discounts after 10:30 ... Awaiting more outlets to open!!



Rated Wafflist! Saw a whole load of pictures of waffle pops on Instagram , I had to go and check this place out! their waffle pops are basically frozen waffles so then I changed my mind to have a regular waffle - had the cookies and cream which was good ! :)

Rated Blueberry cheesecake yogurt 😍😍 This yogurt is the tastiest thing on the planet. A little over priced for a cup of yogurt, but that's ok cos the taste compensates for everything else. Always crowded and ever tasty. Right at Carter Road. Must have - Blueberry Cheesecake Yogurt.
Rated Yogurt has always been my favourite.. so wanted to try this place since long time.. Reading it's speciality we decided to try the blueberry cheesecake yogurt with blueberry jam as the topping and it tasted out of the world.. loved it..

Rated It's a breath of new concept open fr aromatic teas with a lil biting nestled in bandra their menu have a range of flavours tea ech with a diff flavours wch enhances your day .....





Rated Stomach!! Know for its Chinese foods had been to this outlet of stomach a long ago to have Chinese dinner with my parents we ordered soup,fried Rice the basic Chinese food as it is the basic and veg too so the taste was good yummy !!!

Rated This is the first restaurant we ventured when we moved to Mumbai as it was just below our Gym at Pali Naka; food was changed over time for good, i have my doubt; very few people can do justice to Aubergine and this place did 6 years back but over the years the food has changed....i don't want to write much as this will not do justice to my memories; so let this be one of those first timer which you wish to forget but can't Team please focus on hygiene (could not resist writing this part)
Rated The food was underwhelming- nothing great about the parathas, the chana masala or even the dal makhni! And that's kind of everything a vegetarian judges a Punjabi restaurant on! Disappointed...
Rated One of my all time favorites. Cant go wrong with the fish, chicken or prawn. Always the fallback option when the group cannot unanimously agree on where to go because everyone loves the food here.





Rated I didn't checked about the restaurant on Zomato and was no aware that it's a bar, hence ordered food for home delivery via. Some other app... Got a very mediocre kind of shroom risotto and a totally burned bread in shape of Flat Bread with Artichoke....maybe pleasing and appetizing for anyone in drunk state, but, certainly not edible for a person without influence. Anyway, they only good feeling I am getting is about paying all kind of taxes possible on a food item, including packing charges. At least it will go to govt. For some good cause.

Rated Especially known for their waffles. Yes..waffles r too good. U have variety of waffles to try. Nutella waffles ♥. the place is small a bit so it's difficult to find a table. Service is slow. But still worths a visit for waffles.




Rated Tried this place out as my friend who had earlier visited here was all praises for this place. On our visit for lunch we were disappointed as me would be hubby dint like the food one bit .



Rated Layfe is laikea bax aufff chokolayts. Yau knaiver knaw what you gonna get. (sic) and so is a visit to any Indigo outlet. visit 1. pasta in tomato sauce. okay. nothing to scream about. they forgot to add a very important spice in the sauce. this is when they just opened. visit 2. big disaster. visit 3. went with a tourist from usa. he ordered some salad , a steak and something to drink everything was to his satisfaction although he started comparing the prices to his deli in New york and remarked that things were cheaper in his deli.

Rated I tried the lunch buffet. Obviously non veg. Quite a limited menu. Not too many options. A single soup that was too gingery to my liking. Starters are good. But the second round that they served me was cold which was disappointing. Service and ambience is good.



Rated Awesome is the word i would say. Loved every bit of food that they serve. Was craving for some good chinese food and this place is one of them. Its a small place but the food is really good. Service is little slow. Had ordered paneer in peri peri sauce, veg manchurian, pan fried chilli chicken and egg fried rice. I must say that pan fried chilli chicken and paneer in peri peri sauce were the show stoppers and are highly recommended. Good value for your money.






Rated Had a very forgettable experience. We had ordered for some veg pizza, but after having a few slices we discovered it had minced chicken. The manager came and apologized and replaced it with the veg version and said the entire bill would be waived off. However when the bill arrived, the staff came and said ,Sir we are giving you 50% off. I paid the bill and ran off immediately, vowing never to come back again.

Rated I wanted to have a cup of cappuccino so went to this cafe. I ordered the bagel tapenade sandwich along with a cup of cappuccino. The bagel sandwich was nice however the service was a bit sloppy.



Rated We went there, the place was full bot somehow we got seats. At night it was looking good but if you go at day u will feel dirty. We ordered some beer & starter. Beer was costly according to place & starter( tawa chicken) was far away from taste. The most pathetic thing is their service, you have to wait 30-45 minutes after ordering to get food served. Main course which we ordered was good & laccha paratha was also tasteful. The best thing about them z LASSI, it's the best thing they provide but it also took 30 minutes to give 1 glass chaas & 1 glass of lassi after ordering. Crowd was maximum of mid age people or married family people. Slow gazal was playing okay with their decoration, overall this pace z not for youth & they have to try hard to make their service at satisfactory level.....

Rated I'm absolutely in love with the place. The food is to die for and the option that they serve for just Rs. 650 is still shocking to me. They have folk music going on and they keep having performances, fun place to go for a family meal.




Rated Had been to Sigree in Hyderabad so had the same expectation when i was going to the one located in Vashi. Its a fine dine restaurant. We opted to go for the buffet. The starters and soup are served at your table. Though they have a lot of varieties but the one thing missing was the taste. The food was not upto my expectation. They served one round of starters and then we had to sit for 15 mins to get a second serving that too on regular reminders. The service was very poor. Highly disappointed by the service and the food served. Similar was the case with the main course. Inspite of having so many varieties, the taste wasnt there. Did not have a pleasant dining experience.



Rated If u are expecting this to be same as other stereotype poptates this it's definitely not like this the atmosphere and the ambience is different. You may not find it different but you jus feel it.


Rated Went there for lunch with two colleagues. Limited menu to select from for vegetarians. Ambience is average and not very fancy. Pizza was amazing. And quantity of very small portion. Service took longer than average. Dissatisfied with service part. Food - 8/10 Service - 5/10 Ambience - 6/10 Pricing - 5/10


Rated The crepes were brilliant, and on eating one half, i was almost full. Biting into my sister's share, i ate the chicken sandwich which at 340, was a tad bit expensive but worth it. Space might be a constraint, but the concept of newspapers and magazines for takeaways sold me.

Rated A veri small eatery located in cr 2 mall at nariman point Ywhere The place is veri small as therr are only 3 tables i guess it is more of a takeaway joint I tried "granula yoghurt" it wwas veri tasty n also there were more options in deserts n sandwiches. Try it once



Rated Quite clustered seats and arrangement and much hyped about rude,vashi. Found it decent but not better than d belapur rude. For i used to barge onto sizzlers and pastas usually...here i tried their veg paneer pizza (was with veggie frnd thus :p) and mUST say was yum!(be it thin crust or thick crust!). Good music as the usual rude rules applicable in all its chains!. Ambience-clustered thus 6.7/10 Food-9/10 Service-need to keep looking out for them, and yell for service 7/10 Good recommend for all the people in groups who have got tired of shopping in inorbit/raghuleela and need some quick bites and beer to chill.
Rated Hey guys, I have been here with friends and it was good to have fun with friends but place was small and ambiance was too dark and very dull types. Food delivery was late and had to ask for repetitively. I have been to other rude lounges which are far better than this one.




Rated It's a complete family restaurant .. I totally love the Chinese food here, especially the veg Crispy is not something you should miss! Whenever I'm in Andheri and I wanna eat Chinese, Courtyard is my go-to place .. The service is quick but its slightly heavy on pocket !







Rated It looks like a very dingy and shady bar. But the best of crowds of south Mumbai would have visited this once during the college days. Or the probably still do since they reminisce their good old days Let me tell you it's not as cheap as it seems. You'd land up paying the similar amount at a social. I wouldn't even let my driver drink there. There was a time when I saw some food stuck on the wall at the table I was sitting at. It's compared to be the Janta(bandra) of South Mumbai.


Rated Was at RCity on Holi evening with 2 other friends. Since one of the friends wanted pub grub, we decided to settle on United. Also the menu looked quite appetising. Ambience: Great place. Huge space, excellent seating arrangements. Giant TVs streaming cricket matches that day. There is also a pool table. The bar looked quite inviting as well. Since we were here at 7.30 pm on a weekday, it wasn't full to the capacity. Food: 1. Veg platter - Some hits and some misses. Typically consists of Zafrani paneer, badami broccoli, mango pinwheels and honey chili potatoes. Since one of the friends was off onion-garlic and mushrooms, we had to skip the mango pinwheels. They added a few extra pieces of the remaining dishes. The paneer and broccoli were really good, especially the broccoli. The potatoes started off great, but once it cooled down, it was rock solid to the point of being inedible. The honey was partly caramelised and partly sticky. Not a pleasant feeling in your mouth when you feel the need to gargle after bite. 2. La verde pizza - I could barely taste the pesto. It was quite cheesy by itself. Still, tasty stuff 3. Peach iced tea - Passed muster Service: Terrible and confused. Too many servers and nobody really taking instructions. I'm listing down some issues here: 1. Water was served, after we reminded them, around an hour after sitting there 2. Really SLOW turnaround time 3. We asked for a litchi iced tea. The server took the order and conveniently forgot about it. Half hour later we remind another server. He comes back 15 mins later to say, sorry no litchi iced tea. It would be great if you knew that at the start. 4. We requested the servers to let us know what Jain dishes they had on offer. It took them really really long to figure out what dishes could be prepared Jain. Damages: Around 1.2K including taxes. But quite filling for 3 people. Verdict: I am quite put off by the service for now to re-visit. Maybe if they sort out the service issues, I might re-consider my decision.




Rated Went to this place today (1.4.2016) with office colleagues. Ordered 2 non veg starters ( chicken wings and lamb chops) and few veggie starters ( dint eat veg but those who ate it liked the starters)... V vr first served d lamb chops which were brilliant, great flavour and very melt in d mouth tender.... Chicken wings vr okay.... However btwn being served the lamb chops n chicken wings, we hd to wait fr more than half n hour.... Service is painfully slow ( if u don't push them n remind them constantly, u might end up being served the lunch u ordered by dinner time)... When u try to call the servers or managers, they jus run away saying vr coming (never to return).... Next ws cold coffee.. I quite liked it but my frend found his too sweet n asked for it to be slightly diluted, the resultant coffee was something terrible...we sent it back again n they said v vl send a new one, which was as tasteless n unpalatable as the diluted one, which was sent back n v asked them to forget getting a new one... They dint even bother to ask wat the problem was or how they could improve it.... Buttr chicken a la Kiev was next ... Fairly decent and different.... Pan naans were ok ... Go thr if u have atleast 2 to 3 hours of free tym coz service is painfully slow n unresponsive... Ac vent was leaking above our table Needs a lot of improvement... Food is good but overall experience was ruined by the disinterested staff ... Will not recommend it to anyone else.... Hopefully, the feedback is taken positively n necessary changes are made
Rated Although I have rated this at 4 but was a lot disappointed. The food was tasty but a lot spicy & hot. We went on a Tuesday and there was no band playing. I had heard very good reviews about the place so was a lot disappointed. Will go the second time again on a weekend.






Rated They called them self Veg Lebanese place where they serve 90% Italian food... They didn't had falafel & baklava which is basic Lebanese cuisine... Service was quick.. They gave menu for Ithaka & riso... Just over hyp place...

Rated I have ordered from this place 3-4 times and have never faced disappointed. The food is yummy and something different. Have tried prawns momos, rice and chicken starters. All were good. 👍🏼




Rated Quite a forgettable experience! The reviews were pretty good and I implored my friends to come along and try it. We were absolutely dismayed by the service. The stewards were pathetically lackadaisical and our almost-screams for some water were conveniently ignored- again and again. And nothing palatable about the food! Never going back



Rated This sasta and tikau drinking place will blow your mind with their food abilities! Am still to try something that has not surprised my taste buds! The Chicken Sweet Corn Soup, Chicken 65 and all preps of prawns/ fish are must havs. PS: fellow women foodies can avoid the place though ;-)
Rated Went inside thinking it might be somewhat similar to the other regular bar and restaurants in Mumbai. But this one proved me totally wrong! Had the chicken tawa biryani and that was when the romance started! I went back home and it was 3pm, waited till exactly 8pm to order another one home. I felt it was much better when it was served sizzled in front of you at Durga! It's not like a traditional biryani, it's more of a tawa pulao but whatever it is Durga has absolutely killed it. Now that I'm done with this review , let me just order one more

Rated Good taste but poor ambience and service; little pricey for the area; try the non-veg curries and tandoor items; good for delivery purpose only.
Rated Visited Chawla's and had Malai tikka for starters, their specialty Cream chicken, Mutton Rogan with Nan's,roti and Paratha. Starter was okayish- was nothing worth mentioning. Cream chicken was a bland tasteless failure. Mutton rogan was bad quality all the way. Wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. Surprised at the positive reviews for this joint.

Rated "Had been here before but my recent visit let me try more things. Location – Goregaon East near Station Ambiance – A lil Shady from outside but family restaurant from the inside . You’ve got AC & Non Ac sections both. Food – The Main Attraction – Authentic Malvani /Konkani / Coastal Maharastrian food & its hell tasty. What we ordered – Pompret Fry ( Pomphret Thali was cheaper but it gave hardly a piece or two of the fish ) Chicken Thaali – Chicken Gravy , Rice , Rice Bread ( Bhakri ) Salad , Kokam Kadhi Tisrya Plate – Clams ( this was the tastiest dish of that evening ) Kokam Kadhi –We couldn’t stop ourselves from asking repeats of this The minus points – Well when we went there , one friend had this craving for Crab but Nope. They didn’t have crab available. We were okay with it. Then we asked for Vade ( Kombdi Vade ) Nope. They do not serve vade on Tuesdays & Thursdays ( Unbelievable ) So we had to settle for Bhakri. For Vegetarian food. I wanted to eat Varan Bhaat. I was told that’s made only for lunch & not for dinner. This was the shocker. So out of several things we were straightaway rejected for these. Food is good , no doubt. But these policies need to be so stubborn.



Rated Ordered my food at 9:20pm! Didn't receive it till 11:20! Disappointed considering I've ordered quite a few times from this place. Having said that, the taste of the food was up to my expectations and I was glad to receive an apology call from the owner.


Rated They have super food.. specially their naan turnover.. you get great jain options as well.. hygene is poor and their staff is extremely rude.


Rated Late night food that delivers late too. Better to call and chase a dinner delivery rather than fall asleep waiting for it to turn up at breakfast.






Rated Tried the cheese cake and didn't like it. In fact, it was a struggle to finish it. Went over to Leo's and had their cheese cake just to change the taste. Maybe it was a off day for them or maybe we tried something that is their weakness. But it just didn't work for us and we haven't gone back since then.
Rated La Braco is a must try if you happen to be in Lokhandwala Market.. Amazing varieties of cakes..they are good at customized cakes also..the ambience is cool.. The mirror inside the cake shop gives you a feeling that there might be another section..i was surely gonna bump into that 😂 Overall a must try..you wont be disappointed!

Rated I asked for strawberry chocolate cake... In which barring the design i could taste no chocolate! They forgot to even add the message on the cake!
Rated One of the best cake shops in Thakur village area.. Bit expensive but worth it. Death by chocolate, Dutch truffle, chocolate truffle are certainly ones to be tried..

Rated Never got a chance to taste their stuff...thanks to the person who called from the shop, hence keeping the rating as neutral. But strange to know that (1) they do not accept any other form of payment except on delivery (2) even though the delivery charges are no where mentioned, they still wanted to charge, at their will. A simple non acceptance of order at the first stance is enough than to make me wait and then, to call, only to dictate their own terms of delivery. Better is to confine their are of delivery itself to avoid getting listed and confusing.

Rated First time when i saw a cake from sabina's , it was very cute made for a friends birthday and after that it became one of the known to desert place in mumbai .
Rated The Nutella cupcakes by Sabina are one of a kind! The fruit cakes are way beyond amazing... You wouldn't ever regret buying her cakes for your special one's :)
Rated Excellent dessert option for any party ! They have so much type of options to select ! Don't miss single chance... Must try ! Quality 4.5/5 Service 4/5



Rated Eggless Red velvet cheesecake yum yum yum..loved it absolutely..liked d ambience and d interiors though a bit small..wide options in eggless wich was d highlight for me..










Rated Gelato has been one of my favourite brands for ice creams..i have been to this outlet a couple of times..belgian chocolate and ferrero rocher are my favourites here..

Rated Chicken Jungli grill sandwich is a must have at this place. Almost all the sandwiches at this small nondescript eatery are filling and give any big eatery a run for their money. Sadly,I haven't tried any vegetarian sandwich here so can't say much about that. American club and Chicken club grill are worth mentioning too. Most importantly, don't forget to ask for the schezuan sauce and chips along with these sandwiches.









Rated I tried charcoal cheese paneer (which is very cheesy and creamy), afghani paneer(which is not at all good .. It has a bitter taste), chatpata paneer(tastes ok), gokul special veg(tastes awesome but spicy) In all a good place to go. But have only one at a time or else you might feel uneasy. The maida used in the chapati is high in comparison to wheat and this makes it unhealthy for daily consumption or over consumption. Worth a visit for sure ...
Rated This outlet is located opposite Bade Miyaan. Here you will get one of the best wraps in town. All veg wraps cost 130 & non veg 150 INR. Must say they are lip smacking and tasty wraps. The service is also quick, I had visited this place midnight, though got my order quickly in 10 mins even though the place was crowded.









Rated during the winters the to die for drink here is the Strawberry milkshake with sliced strawberries and the summers it's mango milkshake.. Then again their Ganga jamuna puts life into anybody who is not having a good day or is parched to the core. two thumbs up !


Rated Knowing it's a Saturday we rchd as early as possible arnd 6:30pm n still were asked to wait for an hour to get a place to sit..I wanted to rate them higher if they would have cared a little about seating.. After an hour of wait outside in this hot n humid climate we were given a place upstairs in an extreme left n uncomfortable bar counter types seating right next to door..constantly disturbed due to people moving in n out..there was no cooling at all cz it was not a proper table they gave bt an adjustment. The door was kept open hence AC doesn't mke sense.. The waiter was unattentive and focused only on large groups. He also got my order wrong by getting a large peg instead of small and refused to take it back for no mistake of mine..The staff was non smiling and unattentive and due to their poor service we walked out after few drinks n one starter. Cnt comment on thr food as tge fish we ordered was ok..I was excited to visit BKC after they won times award but ain't going back..unpleasant experience.
Rated The Bar stock Exchange is a good place to hang out with drinks & friends. The place has a very interesting concept of the price . On weekdays the was very cheap . We ended up with hangovers!!!








Rated This place serves exclusively bengali food.good seating arrangements ...located next to heera panna mall in andheri.tasted macher chop it was amazing.Tried mini thala which was average..also had luchi paratha and chicken chaap which was completely drenched in oil.service and ambience was good.portions are smaller and food too oily
Rated Ambience of the place is really good, so are the people serving here. Food cooked here is just awesome infact the price does meet the quantity served. Rana the person who served us was very assistive. Was sad that we cudnt get a lot of dishes as those were unavailable. Am really looking forward to return back.

Rated Tried both the chicken kathi & mutton kheema roll at the inorbit malad outlet. Pretty disappointed with the quality of chicken & mutton stuffings of the role & tasted pretty stale! You know it when the meat is not fresh & gives a disappointed feeling to your stomach!



Rated After watching DEADPOOL, i wanted to try some Chimichagas.The Chimichagas over here are small,served with veggies along with lumps of mayo.overall passable taste

Rated Had been here on a Saturday night for dinner with my family. Reached there before 8.30pm so I did not have to wait. The ambience is a little dull and simple. Nothing extravagant. Service also was pretty average. Now let's talk about the food. Ordered 2 sizzlers. 1 being chicken shaslik and other a steak one. Both were yummy and filling. The bill came upto 2k which included a lemonade and ice tea as well. Overall I must say anyone eho want to try sizzlers must try this place😊

Rated An average place for a rice meal. I ordered Chicken Scezwan Fury meal in a box. The chicken gravy was thick and the quantity of chicken was really good. Coming to the rice, it lacked flavour. Did not seem to be anywhere close to a fried rice. Low on carrots and spring onion, it seemed more like the home steamed boiled rice. Should work on that.

Rated Great food!! But very delayed Delivery! Having heard rave reviews of this place.. I finally decided to indulge in some Italian on a Saturday night in.. Order - Red Sauce Arrabbiata - garlic bread with Cheese - Green Apple ice tea.. The food is superb.. Quantity is very value for money.. The garlic bread and green apple ice tea was the highlight and super delicious.. Ingredients of the pasta felt freshly cooked and hit just the right spot! I would have given this place a 5/5.. But the delivery took 1hr 50 mins.. And on my constant calling.. I was given various excuses for the delay and not really spoke to nicely by the person on the other side of the line. By the time the food arrived, I was quite annoyed! If they really wish to keep their customers on repeat value, I suggest speaking to us properly and resolving our concerns. That however is not the kitchen's problem.. The 4/5 is for them.. Great food guys!! 👍🏼


Rated Have seen this joint for years as I pass by but never dropped in. Last weekend stopped and got hands over the shawarmas..appetizing..lip smacking..then went for the 2nd one..requested him to add some hummus in it..that was way much better.. yumm times can be found only if tried and tasted..

Rated This cafe is to die for.. Calm Environment.. Yumiest food and u would love it, If u have good company🙋 We ordered Mac n cheese burger: must try if u r here. Char grilled chicken: a tummy filling meal. Pallonjis.. Their speciality so had to try😉 COn job: yummiest milk Shake till Date😘 . 5 less for poor Service as the waiters were not interested. . 5 less for it being a bit over priced.


Rated So it's the Ambassador and expectations are marginally higher I admit. So the Tom Yum was nice and we felt this is gonna pick up. But the starters of tikkas, seekh and paneer went down to average and the biryani took it all the way down. With a tab that is on the higher side of 1K per head, I think I'll head elsewhere in future :))

Rated This ice cream joint is extremely popular among the college crowd, however I do not seem to get the hype about it. Their ice creams are just like anything else you'd get anywhere. Their service is pathetic. The servers are quite rude and there is almost never any place! Visiting Baskin Robbins is a better option. thefoodauror.blogspot.com



Rated Been here a couple of times with my best friend who resides in Dombivali...it's a smallish place wherein you can order some chilled lassi and have a decent conversation..their lassi is really up to the mark...can@find any fault with it





Rated It was my first visit to this joint tonight. Decided to keep it simple. Ordered a chicken roll and a strawberry shake. The CR was delicious. Nothing like the useless crap that gets served to us at Linking Road or Carters known as tibbs if I'm not mistaken. The strawberry shake was brilliant with generous chunks of berries in it. Simple yet flavourful. The place is colorful but a little small and gets congested even if there are only 4-5 customers. Lastly avoid the hand sanitizer! I used it a couple of hours ago I've washed my hands now and I still smell like a woman! Too strong!! Full marks to the food though.






Rated Visiting since ages...a small joint bt juices r amazing..one of the best juice centre in Mumbai..tried first tym anjeer milkshake n strawberry milkshake...yumm...Vintage...This joint never disappoints...

Rated falooda point: opposite seawoods railway station...that is only thing that is in the good side of this place. the falooda tastes bad and the kulfi tastes like a lump of fat. advice : dont go.




Rated Good varied options. Exotic herbs, juices and fruit-chaats . This chain is different as they have come up with something different than mere rat race of serving junk in different different ways. I have tried Nimbu Paani, varied fruit-chaats and oreo shake here. Ultimate on quality and taste !! Though, I feel prices are on higher side and should be reviewed to attract masses. You can find this place in foot court of Viviana mall. Recommended !!

Rated The Chocolate milkshake is just yum..😋.. The mug Brownie is also a must try.. Good place to hang out with friends... A very needed place in Kandivali...
Rated Was waiting desperately for such a Juice joint in Kandivali east. The best part about the juice is the texture and smoothness with which it was made.Keep it up guys!




Rated Ordered some fruit teas. The taste was average . We tried it with bubbles (the poppers you get at cocoberry ) , tapioca and jellies. They should add a bit more flavor to it rather than just ice.👍🏻






Rated Tried d gyozos...good quality..but to my knowledge it is semi fried at d bottom...which it wasnt... Thinking how they missed out on this particular part...anyways..good food and good quantity ..

Rated Can I ever get over the Mexican salad or the cheesy garlic bread or the kanda bhajji or the nachos or the upma or the Oreo shake? It's situated next to versova beach and the atmosphere is the best part about this place. You get to see different people and not only youngsters and I have a thing for dim lit places with delicious food, so yeah. If it's ever raining - HAVE THE KANDA BHAJJIS HERE. The sandwich loaf and the lavash is freshly baked and really good.


Rated I know its hard to believe, but there is an amazing deal to try out this Place. Try downloading eazydiner app to avail the meal at half the price. Dont forget to add my referral code 290813 & earn 500 EazyRupees on your 1st reservation.



Rated Was about to try this place... then I noticed they only have veg shawarmas :o :o ... seriously? ? How can a Shawarma place only serve veg ...


Rated Love love love their cookies! As the name suggest, cookies here are to die for. Make sure you taste their Nutella Sea Salt Cookie if you want to give your taste buds a twist. Double chocolate comes 2nd on the list. Give those old fashion birthday cakes a break, cookies are here to make those party celebrations unique.

Rated absolute waste of time no view no menu options sit bang in the lobby for a drink better to go for the eau lounge wth this should not even be an option or counted as a place to visit in Oberon why would u sit there and not go to eau lounge
Rated Sat here for an afternoon coffee chat. The coffees are named exotically but turned out to be all the same frothy servings. The cookie was cold and not the kind you would want to ask more for. The only thing going for it is the Arabian Sea view. A day visit will let you enjoy this view.

Rated It is an absolute disaster. Me and my friend ordered a BBQ paneer and one bell pepper mushroom for ourselves and sides and we could barely finish them. The service was very bad and the ambiance is like an empty subway outlet. I wouldn't recommend this to anybody. trippindawdlers.wordpress.com
Rated Fucking awesome.. Quality plus the way they present it.. Royalty has its own price .. But worth every penny .. Should visit once.. U ll get trident struck ..he he... Ambience ..no words .. Awesomeness
Rated Very average place for snacks ambience is not up-to the mark.

Rated The usual Starbucks. The staff was courteous and prompt. The whole area was quite clean and well-maintained. However, due to some confusion, the staff didn't realize when they got a bit noisy. But thankfully, the issue got resolved and normal conversations volumes followed.

Rated Mouth watering waffle..... I tried naked nutella along with banana and wasn't disappointed at all.... It's was yummyyyyyyyyyyy, delicious, suberb... Definitely deserves rating more than 5....








Rated went there for some.live music and drinks..the.music was.awesome..nice ambience, however i felt the place smaller than i imagined.overall a great place to chill with drinks , sea view and music



Rated Every time I went to Navi Mumbai to see my friends I ended up being here. The order remaining the same - tangdi kebab,murg mussalam and butter paratha. But who could argue when it tastes swelteringly luscious. Wah wah Ahmed miyan, Irshad Irshad. The rest of it ? I have no idea, coz the order remained the same- tangdi kebab,murg mussalam and butter paratha. Sssss..


Rated One must try dal shorba and lemon chicken. These are just fantastic here Not in a prime location as such and the ambience of the hotel is also okish. Also don't forget to take a bite of carmel custard, its likeable
Rated The staff is rude.. Clean but not very clean.. Chicken pizza's are good.. I've had Chicken Biryani, it is served in a handi, it was rice and chicken and even a FEATHER !! I complained to which he told me that he will charge for it.. He did not even replace my dish !
Rated Food is yummy, sitting downstairs without ac is good.. Upstairs with ac is conjugated as less head room. Tandoori chicken in different flavours like punjabi , lemon , plain and shaezwan. . I like lemon flavour.. Gravy chicken chatpata is good.. Even chinese food is 2 good..





Rated Went in the ac section Of this restaurant....area is quite small not a big restaurant as it might look from outside.... But nothing to take away from the food that they offer at a reasonable price compared to other restaurants... Service is good... But just like majority of the restaurants in mira road they don't accept cards either... I orderd chicken crispy,prawns sizzling in the starters For gravy we ordered banjara chicken and chilly chicken.... With Romali roti tandoori roti laccha paratha and chi combination schezwan rice and cold drinks all that in less than 1300 for a group of 5 that ain't bad....

Rated Very good food.. Been here dozens of times. Don't miss on the Kheema, mutton seekh kebab and ofcourse the biryanis (veg as well as non veg) delicious is understatement! The gravys are yummy too. I have also tried the place for Sunday breakfast and didn't fail to leave me surprised. Akuri, egg burji and pancakes are not to miss on!


Rated Been here a dozen times in the last three years! Have had their sizzlers, pasta, pizzas and appetizers. One of my favourites is the cheesy nachos, which is laden with molten cheese and penne pasta in white sauce. Prices are reasonable. Indoor seating is pretty limited, so if you plan to go during weekends make sure you grab a table by 7:30!


Rated 3-4 days for breakfast. The buffet is outstanding! Whole lot of variety.. Staff, Food, ambiance.. everything Top notch! Everything you could ask in Taj Mahal Palace!! Service is slow during peak breakfast hours :/ (They would come and apologize for the delay & everything, but that's not 5 star standards! ).

Rated Alright so i went there for dinner buffet, They just have 4 starters 2 veg and 2 non veg quite unusual as other places keep a minimum of 4 starters in each range.. But not complaining as they compensate it by their range of deserts. Ambience is obviously good and the main thing their food is really good.. Worth it!!


Rated After sampling their buffet lunch and dinner (thankfully not on the same day), I can say the spread is worth the money. It is advisable to go on an empty stomach and with time to spare. The speciality is to indulge in the variety of starters rather than the main course which was not outstanding. The desserts however, left me spoiled for choice. The trick is to identify ample varieties of a single dessert which diverts one's attention from sampling the more unique and complex creations.Thumbs up to the presentation and the ambience.




Rated Zomato kindly update your records a minimum brownie portion is for 200 and you write the cost for two people as 150. This is a highly deceptive information.

Rated I seriously fail to understand the negative reviews for Ungli chaat , I ordered 2 misals as we were hungry at the office. Believe me when I say the misal was very good because my earlier office was at Lalbagh , and the famous ladoo Samrat misal is just not the same as before. so full marks on taste & service the delivery boy was also very courteous and delivered in flat 15 minutes at Solaris complex . I will definitely order lunch next time.
Rated Small joint near saki naka.. They have lot of different verity of veg food.. Chaat.. Samosa rice, dosa... We tried pav bhaji, dosa , papdi chaat n chai.. I don't know y the reating is so low.. The food is very good.. All the items were good.. Must try for chaat lovers


Rated A perfect place to hog nonveg after a late night show or couple of drinks at a pub. The taste is close to koliwada joints. However it's delicious. Only sad thing is that there is no seating and sometimes they run out of stock of the specialities so you have limited dishes to order. Must try though!
Rated Never miss a "chance" for being here! I have been coming here for couple of years now and I have not once found the flavors change, everything is just right! Love ordering seafood here (koliwada special with Punjabi masala) u can choose ur seafood by weight, 100 gms is the minimum. Punjabi Chichen curry is my favorite till now. Very Dhabba type feel to the place is cramped....come early as it gets crowded later in the night.




Rated Burma Burma has been on our wish list for a long time now. Tucked away in a by lane of Kala Ghoda, Burma Burma only serves vegetarian versions of regional Burmese delicacies. Since it’s launch in 2014 the restaurant has been garnering rave reviews. The restaurant runs full almost always and the patrons have to wait for a week to ten days to get a reservation. ... Read full post on khaipeenejalsa.com






Rated This joint located at airoli is probably the only place in 10km radius of airoli which serves some lip-smacking burger 🍔 around and you will surely be spoilt by choices not only in burger bt also pasta and many other and dey also have great delivery around only issue being sometime the phone is not picked up or connected..i myself had to go there and pick the order so guys have a look into it.. M a veggie so don't have anything bout non veg but ppl say its equally awesome..
Rated Went with the office team. This place is always crowded because everything tastes so yumm. We ordered veg sizzler which was okay, veg burger and white sauce pasta were really good. Mashed potatoes was quite tasty too. Service was okay and good value for money as there are no taxes. If home delivery, then at least order in one hour advance.

Rated Located near Paanch Rasta (Mulund) this place is famous for its best quality Dry Fruits & Fast Food items. I've had the Ultimate Dahi Puri Chaat ever in here. Though this place is a bit expensive that's alright coz you wont complaint about the quality of food.. Some of the other food items one should not miss out on includes Ragda Puri, Pani Puri, Samosas, Dhoklas & Jalebis. This place definitely deserves a full 5 on 5 rating.

Rated The vada pav over here is literally a must have! Apart from Krishna at dadar, this is my second favorite place to have vada pav! Never I miss a chance to have it whenever I'm at malad station. Lassi is bad, don't try. Haven't tried the sweets. Samosa is good too.

Rated They should stop home delivery. It doesn't matter how the food is if it turns up two hours later or doesn't turn up at all. Yes, I wrote this hungry.



Rated The charm of this place is that its reminds one of baba nagpals corner at Lajpat Nagar. Known for its Chhole Bhature and samosas it does lend a distinct delhi flavour to the neighbourhood. With all such establishments the quality levels dip with time and Gulatis is no deviation from the rule. For people having it regularly its quite noticeable but for someone having it after a longish interval it's easily missed. However the patrons do not lessen and you have to reach in time to have a taste. The quality and taste have suffered a bit but on the other hand there's no real competition for it and its still easily one of the better places to have Chhole Bhatures in Mumbai and ideal for early morning cravings or late evening snacking on a budget.



Rated Mouth watering sweets.. They are one of the best and oldest. Jalebi, rabdi is their speciality. You can't ignore this place for sweets. Try once and you will always remember.

Rated This place has the best possible puchkas that you can eat in Mumbai. If you are craving for Puchkas from Calcutta, this is the place to head. Not to miss the churmur and paneer chilla and even the Dosa. The chutney to the dosa is really yummy. The sweets are nice to try out. They also have a small space to sit and eat. Whenever I am around this area, I don't miss a chance to eat the puchkas.





Rated One of the best sweets n farsan shop in Mumbai Located on sv road in Santa Cruz West dis place is near to Milan bridge n reliance mall I have tried many of its Bengali sweets but my personal most fav is malai sandwich n rasgulla The yummiest rasgulla I have ever had N also the Chinese samosa is a must try They offer many options in snacks be it wafers or any other fried snacks On price level it's not veri expensive Must try guys






Rated Awesome gulab jamuns ever with a lot of dry fruits with tasty mawa inside...with so much of chashni....full paisa wassol it is if u are in chembur u can't miss it at all

Rated Don't remember how many times I have been to this place, located next to Inorbit mall, Wide menu from Vadapav to Gujarati Thali everything they have, I have never tried their Thali & Punjabi food so lets not talk about it. My most fav & must have dish is Paneer Tikka. Other dishes you can try are Sev Puri, Pani Puri, Chole Bhature, Pav bhaji, Khada Pav bhaji, Masala Pav, Veg Biryani, Grilled Sandwich etc. This place never disappoints.







Rated Tried Chicken fried rice & chicken chilly....must say was really awesome....a must try for those who love Chinese food.....wid lots of varieties :)
Rated nic chinese snaxks n gud service.... :)
Rated good non veg food.... cheap and filing.....







Rated I had been there only for chapati! But for that only they used to take 1 hour. Sometines they refuse after keeping us on waiting. The name dont matches any way with work of the restaurant

Rated HE is the man (papu bhai) .....this place is located in the bylanes of Sion Koliwada, near mini punjab hotel . PEOPLE WHO MISS JAMA MASJID FOOD must go to papu paaya walla . paya soup is osam .But my personal suggestion try kheema mutton . best to have north indian style kheema in mumbai . its value for money . try this place . place is very small but if u are a foodie u must be there






Rated One of best veg restaurants in Chembur. Don't go for the ambience but just for the tasty food. Don't forget to order their speciality which is the Mix Bhaji and Paneer Bhurji along with Special chapatis. My india trip every year is incomplete without a visit to Vaishnu Punjab.













Rated Had heard a lot about this place, but the rating on Zomato was not in line with the word to mouth. We picked up chocolate lava from this place and decided to give it our little twist. We warmed it up and added a scoop of vanilla and it tasted yum!!! Need to try more from the menu, but this dish was good.
Rated I ordered my parents 25th wedding anniversary cake from here and they did not disappoint. They were completely professional regarding the timeliness and completion and the cake tasted great too!






Rated Visited last year - for Valentine's celebration. An event night made it more special. Being too crowded that night - dance floors were spread across two areas. Getting in itself took some pain and the main dance floor was too crowded. We moved to the other one, where actually we were able to enjoy the night. Food was relatively good. Music was very much suited to the event night and enjoyable to shake your leg. Though valet services are offered, excessive crowd forced to stop the service and finding parking was another challenge. Overall - decent place.




Rated One of the worst New Years party I attended here, it's was so crowded that people couldn't even walk. The floor was not clean and very slippery, liquor got over in the middle of the party, passes for the day was inclusive of drinks and food but there was no food available, Horrible place to be, with wannabes around, Won't visit this place ever and would recommend the same!















Rated This place is just above tonic.The place is small but the music out here is updated and really good.They have a screen too where they play the song and the video. We ordered risotto, paneer chilly,magherita and red sauce pasta.Magherita was bland.In drinks we ordered black and white scotch,miller and LIT.Black and white with red bull is advisable. (Not good with the soda).This place goes mad after 11 . Definitely worth a try.

Rated Fatty Bao is kind of new and don't dare to go there without a reservation because be it day or night, it will most probably be packed! Alcohol is way potent than you can imagine and the food is scrumptious. Their menu is quite extensive as they have dimsums, gyozas, small plates and curries and even something called a duck pizza! My all time favorite is the char siu bao and the spicy chicken ramen bowl! --A drop of ink may make a million think. @AyaashPaw pawanmanghnani.com






Rated I always wanted to be here during the Karoke nights but somehow I couldn't make it. I happened to visit here on a weekend. The place looks decent enough from outside. When you enter inside, all you will notice is dim lights. The seating area is well made and is comfortable. They play good music. They also have TV screens, so if you want to catch up for a sport match, you can consider this place. They have an elaborate menu which serves more of non-veg. We had ordered for drinks and a starter. The cheese balls looked good and tasted okayish. And now comes the twist in the tale! The servers here were very strange, kept staring at us quite often making us so freaking uncomfortable that we decided to have rest of our meal else where! I wouldn't say this place is not worth a visit, it definetely is. Just beware of the servers' creepy behaviour!
Rated Its kind of a Little above "Okay place". GoodMusic ReasonableAclohol The only thing i would recommend is If u're having Female Company just watch out for the waiters they have "Staring Problem" (just scare the shit out of the waiters as you enter, that's what i did) Other wise the Place is good to go. Ambience 3.5/5 Food 3/5 Alcohol 4/5 Waiters 1/5 Value for money 4/5 (Alcohol)

Rated Went to Rockville for lunch. The place shown in the pic in Zomato and in reality are different... The ambience is just okayish.. We ordered two mocktails, one Caesar salad,a BBQ chicken wings and an Italian grilled chicken.. The salad was not dressed properly and even the chicken pieces in the salad were very hard...Only the Italian grilled chicken was good..The service was slow and needs improvement...Overall an okayish experience. Sic Parvis Magna

Rated One of the worst place ,we are here during India vs Pakistan match..the place has a decent crowd and one private function happening at the their terrace ,we had booked it well in advance probably the caller who took our call didnt know the reservation and happy hours timings we were told till midnight .first we had order for some drinks which came after 45 mins after speaking to their Manager.. Everything was delayed if their was drink their was no ice their was no stirrers. The best thing was that the server have excuse of saying that since we are busy we are serving you late. For munching we ordered French fries which came after 30 mins and chicken chilli after an hour after that either they didnt ran out of chicken or chillies... When we complaint they said please speak with low volume..pathetic management and service.avoid going during busy weekends..



Rated Although I do like this chain this particular outlet was extremely badly managed. The staff was polite but the one guy was running around all confused ... drastically understaffed. The food was the saving grace. Hulk. Chicken nachos and the chilly chicken all were good. As usual many if the beers were out of stock. Standard complaint with this chain... service needs to be seriously seriously improved. We were a patient lot but there were people literally queueing up to complain to the cashier. The manager wasn't there... !!!!!
Rated Can't figure out why have they me kept the seating same as Sundance. It seems more of a restaurant. Music was sad or not even there. Have no clue what the place wants to be. Even the Bira on tap was flat. Snacks were a saving grace. But no reason to go there.

Rated This is an old run down place that serves avg food and charges above avg price why would one go there ......avoid. Instead cross the street and go to gaylords.

Rated Want fast, cheap and filling food? Rush to Raju Sandwich! Their rolls, panini, sandwich is all to die for. Do do try! Special recommendation for the Chilli Cheese Toast and the Garlic Bread. thefoodauror.blogspot.com
Rated This guy embodies the spirit of Mumbai and its entrepreneurship. The joint is bold to experiment with flavours and items and almost all them click. I've bitten some of the unusual sandwiches and I'am not dissappointed at all. There's well-balanced mix of western sauces and Indian chutney complementing the breads or amcha pav ani alloo. More of an experimental place for me. Which is why i love it.



Rated Slow service and many of my favourite items from the original Bachelorr's menu were not available. It is a small shop at the end of a lane near Churchgate and easy to miss.



Rated Pronto was my first Italian eatery and it has been a favourite since then.My love for pastas pulls me to this place especially to have the 'Agli Olio Pepperinchino' (Ah,such overwhelming flavours) and the recently had Primavera piquante(this one is made from pumpkin sauce I believe).What you could also try is their Garlic bread with cheese, German potato salad and Spinach and corn cannelloni which are all equally well made.The service is a little inattentive here.The guy who took my order last time did not bother to ask which type of pasta I preferred and had no idea what the dishes were made up of.(I had to keep calling the head server for the details)Overall,Pronto can be your ideal trattoria serving some really delicious food if u can manage to ignore the negligible service and hardly-any-there ambience.

Rated Lovely ambience and delicately prepared food. Order almost anything on the menu and you won't be disappointed. Must haves: Traditional Peking duck with plum sauce and pancakes.

Rated This is again one of my favourite joint to spend time with mates over a pitcher of beer. If you have/haven't visited London then Geoffrey's is an exact replica of London style Pub. I visit this place as for two reasons - 1. I get my privacy and 2. I spent 12yrs in London so it takes me back home. I haven't tried food so can't really comment.

Rated Quite a large café with yummy donuts... It's a little overpriced and not very reasonable to most college students nearby (GLC,Jai Hind). The ambience is good with lovely music that puts you to dancing!! The only thing that puts a negative point is the salesman who was really rude to us while we were playing with a balloon...

Rated Been there during my short tour of Mumbai. I went there in the morning time when all the breakfast points in vicinity were gearing up to start their day. I had a crunch of time when i went there, so ordered a chicken patties with cappuccino. They took so much time preparing the coffee that i made up my mind to skip it. But other than that it's an average cafe shop.


Rated Well... the subs are < 3 ... but the problem is that the place is small anu upstairs doesn't seem good to sit. Else I didn't confronted any problem.

Rated Its a burger restaurant and famaous for it. I had very much expectations from them but nothing was upto mark. All burger quality and quantity are bad. Chicken nuggets was also not seems to be fresh.









Rated Visited this food stop many a times but reviewing it for the first time. I liked this place for its awesome chats, somasas & chole bature. My personal favourites r Ragda Patties, Aalu chat & Pav Bhaaji. As my Zomata friend Mr. Prithvish suggested I tried Rabdi & found it yummylicious. Disappointed with the service & big zero to hygiene which is aa worst u can get.
Rated One of the best places to have cholle bhature whenever n wherever I go.. Last time i went one of the dishes was given without salt that was bad make sure it doesn't happen..



Rated Love the lighting and ambiene of this place situated in one of the most busy lanes of colaba,there sip and eats are always ravishing , do not miss out on the Mediterranean platter .

Rated When you can't think of any place for a Saturday night scene, this is my new go- to for pre gaming! I personally find this one much better than the one at BKC. The music picks up post 11pm and so does the crowd. We have had one too many shenanigans here, making for loads of drunk takes to tell! *Hic!*
Rated The first time, I had a Bacardi Limon at just Rs 55. Being asked for age. proof at my age didn't hurt either! Of course, soft drinks as mixers. are charged extra but it's a meagre Rs 25 and soda is just Rs 2. I used. to think that the whole stock exchange concept was a gimmick but it. obviously isn't. Go in the afternoon and everything is available at rock ... Read full post on ankitashreeram.blogspot.com
Rated Visited dis place for the first time Unlike other outlets the ambience is okai I vud say it not so simple not so elegant There were small screens where prices of alcohol were rising n declining just as we see in sunsex I visited yest evening and I didn't felt to prebook the table Crowd had just started to cum N dis is the only outlet to start early mrng rest all opens in 6 in evening I had ordered 'pav misal fondue' n it was veri yummy n they also provide sum north Indian dishes n also Indian n Chinese starters I will rate dis place 3 Can visit it once


Rated Fabulous view of the sea line with all the lights of the boats blinking at night and a view of the Gateway of India. You can't have a more apt location for a rooftop cafe/ bar They usually have a lot of offers on the beers. So make sure you take advantage of that. To snack on - you must have the fryums. Better alternate to the usual chips and chakana It's quite a small place and the music won't be loud. You can smoke at your table. They have only a few tables along the edge. But that's more of a structural issue

Rated A place you go to, when you're having a bad day, provided 'food' is reason for cheer! Ambience: A perfect place for Ambient food, cause sometimes, one doesn't care 'where' they are eating but instead, 'what' they are eating. Cuisine: #Local, #IraniCafe #ComfortFood Taste: On the busy streets of #Colaba, when one is done shopping to their heart's content, this is the place to eat at. And boy, the food, will have you addicted. Affordability: Not too steep, neither is it cheap. A good value for money. Verdict: A place to eat, eat and eat more. If one wants to catch up with friends or dine with a date, cause that'd mean endless hours - skip this one. They're always on 'waiting', especially, during peak hours. The best Cafe ever! P.S: Their menu is more welcoming to Non Vegetarians! But, if you're a vegetarian and a foodie, you'll find your 'happy' place.




Rated + Good ambience - Not large group friendly - Under staffed and inattentive (when asked, they apologized saying they were serving their regular customers) - Mediocre preparations and menu
Rated This place has a very Greek + maritime look and feel. With white and blue as their basic theme. Serves the most amazing 3 cheese pizza that will leave your mouth wanting for more, you will be left confused between ordering a repeat or selecting the mushroom risotto that's equally delicious. Not exactly cheap, but then again it's the Taj. You can't expect it to be.






Rated In the center of Mazagaon and among the other food giants, Mumbai Darbar has its own recognition. Known for its butter chicken and chicken kepsa. Do try it!


Rated I have tried the Pizza and the Fish and Chips here. While, they're definitely not extra ordinary, they wont disappoint either. The seating and the service is a let down and could be worked upon. thefoodauror.blogspot.com




Rated This is the place i hav been visiting since childhood.. (Being all nostalgic ;-) ).. Ok so the place is kinda good.. Not very big place.. Bt then nw they hav an anexure.. The tandoori of the palce is all i still remember.. It used to b a family event wen v use to visit.. N thr used to b a tandoori in front of every one of us :) .. I did visit this place again in recent times.. It is still that good..
Rated If a person wants to eat tandoori then this is the place,cheap and worth it.Don't forget to order the paratha which is unique and the best.I would definitely visit once again 4/5.

Rated One of the best restaurants i have visited.The chicken tandoori is good but my favourite is pot rice nd chicken pan fried noodles are my favourite.



Rated If I m hungry late at night and want a quick , tasty and economic bite I just drag myself to zaika ....then order rolls kebab rice what ever I have not tried I just try... time and again I love this place..... Three USP of this place are... 1st the quickness in getting your parcel.... 2nd the taste..... 3rd the Price's.......
Rated If you stop by J. J. Naka and forget eating at Zaika, then you surely blind or non-foodie person. You can find a variety of items, very uniquely prepared from range of tawa items to tandoor items. A must try at Zaika - - Chicken Naan Sandwich - Chicken Mayo Roll - Chicken Malai Leg - Chicken Pulao - Double Mutton Roll - Pahadi Grilled Chicken with Lebanese Sauce

Rated This small pocket friendly restaurant located at mazgoan ranks highest on its food.Non veg lovers will have a gala time binging on the kheema, chicken and mutton dishes here. We ordered butter chicken and paneer chilly considering we were looking for options which were easy on our wallets but delicious & this place did not let us know.Good enough quantity and the paneer chilly was a tasty surprise. The only drawback being they do not deliver beyond mazgoan area. But if you are around the vicinity, do drop by and indulge on some of their delicacies especially the kheema.
Rated Have been eating kheema from Queen marys since my childhood.. Their kheema fry on my sunday brunches is the best.. Its my favourite!! Waking up to sunday mornings and my dad gets mutton kheema fry garma garam frm them, its simply amazing.. Also try the chicken stew! Its delicious.. However i dont prefer going there and eating..

Rated Finally I tried this very old restaurant tucked at the centre of nagpada junction. As per the word of mouth, I tried their seekh kebabs with paratha. I never had such soft kebabs anywhere in Mumbai. Don't expect anything in the ambience part because thats the worst you can expect here.

Rated Me and my best friend usually end up at this restaurant for the taste and the quantity of food they serve. Must try : Thread Chicken Chopper Rice Mongolian Chicken The food here is amazing!!! It's freaking tasty... The starters are tummy filling and taste bud tickling. The starters are only so much that you'll be unsure of even going for the main course or no.

Rated Exactly opposite byculla station in east. A regular udipi hotel which you can find anywhere u go. Nothing much special abt . But if u at byculla a looking for a veg hotel near station can stop here for a bite of pizza ,wada,onion uttapa dishes tried and tested . A Big no for punjabi samosa.
Rated Typical south indian restaurant. 😃 been here for breakfast a couple of times and it has never disappointed me. 7wonder uttapam and spicy paneer masala dosa we tried which were good.


