Rated We didn't get a chance to dine in but the take away was quickly prepared and the food was amazing..their paprika chicken and chicken huanciana were amazing...would love to visit again
Rated We decided to go to this place for lunch and it was the best decision. The place and staff are extremely welcoming and warm. The menu boasts of a lot of variety and you will want to try everything on it. 'Pollo Ala Huancaina' and 'Chicken Paprika' are a must try. The service is extremely quick and they make sure they give you the best suggestions. The 'Oreo Mango Shake' and the 'Mango Mojito' were extremely different and the best summer coolers. Highly recommended!
Rated To begin with, the staff are extremely nice. We had to wait for a bit since this place is always crowded but it was worth the wait. They took our order while we were waiting so once we got our place we were served immediately. Cucumbis & Paprika chicken was simply splendid ! :D really good food & presentation. Variety of food options so you are not disappointed. Definitely going back again :)
Rated First of all the most important point that i noticed about this place was that, the staff working at this place was very kind, and co-operative and friendly which is a very big deal according to me. The menu is unique and the place is too cool and attractive. I had a little argument with my girlfriend just before comming to TFK, so I had to decide what all to order. We ordered the pollo alla huancaiana, which is chicken with huancaiana sauce. It was very presentable and tasted soo good we forgot all the arguments we had a minute ago and just dug into it. Then we tried the chicken paprika which was the chef's recommendation. The mocktail for today was chilled mango mojito which was quite amazing. Over all an amazing place no doubt , must try it once, with friends or family or any1 or go alone, but GO. And the prices are quite reasonable too. (The best chicken ever; according to my girlfriend)
Rated The best part of #TFK - Hospitality at its best!! Manager would come by ur table, suggest few dishes, even something off menu and will keep a check that order is served properly. Second to best is the setup and ambiance as the name says it is a fusion of cultures. Keep that aside the food dint win my heart.. House salad was too sour for my taste buds but Mango Mojito suggested by Harsh(Manager) & Chicken Tikka Nachos saved the evening for me. So thats a salad,couple of drinks and a starter for Rs. 860, I would say slightly over priced and worth a visit once in-couple of months. All-in-All good place to pass time with your buddies with great hospitality,some good drinks but average food. And yea how can I forget some tiny bits of pieces left on your table that are great conversation starters, so someone looking for their special date night, this is a good option!!
Rated A Blend of Fine Food Taste, Ambience and great service. We were here on a Sunday evening and was packed so had to wait for 15 mins. We got a chance to sit in their new hotel opened which is adjacent. We ordered the following. Chicken tikka nachos: Okay.. Nothing Great for a nachos. Chicken roulade: This was good. Perfect flavor and cooked well. Chinese sizzler: This was good too. Quite filling Sizzler but the down side was it had too many veggies. Chicken paprika: I'm not a fan of continental dishes, but I must admit.. This dish was awesome. Oreo, candy man milkshake : They were the highlight of the dinner. Personally, I would prefer candy man. Buy both were awesome. Food 3.5/5 Ambience 4/5 Service 4.5/5 Value for money 3.5/5
Rated Service at its best. Its a tiny cozy place in IC Colony. Tried this place for the first time. Though me and my friend were Vegetarian for the day, the service guy sorry, i dont remember his name took care about which dish would be preferable for two of us. He even made sure about the toppings we would like. We had Over Laden Nachos. Its their speciality. I would surely recommend this place. Will again visit TFK on our non veg days
Rated Okay..lets start by saying that is was selected randomly checking its rating on zomato..the occasion being my Bestfriend's birthday... It was a hectic drive all the way from vasai to borivali....which m glad was well deserved... The manager knows his job quite very well and was impressed with the hospitality expressed...the interiors mattered as effort were taken to set the tone of the place right... The concept of fusion is well put and appreciate the witty menu... everything that was ordered felt like the best decision...and the prices are in ballpark... Only suggestion would be to innovate something original and new as the place has a unique indentity i feel and probably could experiment with meat... Thank for having us...
Rated Food and service was veryy amazingg!! The attendants there always advice the best dishes! One must consider their advice and order! One must try Pineapple mojito and flower pot. Starters and chicken paparika are very tasty! One must go there as early as possible as there is always a big cue and a big waiting list! Food -4.5/5 Service -5/5 Ambience-4/5
Rated This is one review for which i had to preserve the bill so that i don't forget the names of the dishes. On a hot sunday afternoon we visited this place tucked at the end of the I.C colony. Their two drinks machu pichu and virgin margarita black current certainly helped us to get refreshed and all charged up to indulge in the south american cuisine that is the speciality of the place. For starters we had fish fingers and pollo ala huancaina. Both were good. If you donot try their fish fingers then you are definitely missing something awesome. As suggested by the management, we had chicken paprika for main course. It is their speciality and rightly so. The spices were just about perfect. We ended our meal with another of their suggestion, choco biscuit wagon which is a delite to any dessert lover. Prices are reasonble. The place is a bit small but cool. The staff is very helpful and greets with a smile. Lovely experience.
Rated Places like these are very hard to review. They have a good fan base and even the food seems alright due to great preparation ethics, but when the people do blunder the experience for me indeed is not satisfactory. I went there one evening for dinner and was amazed by the setup they have. They have both outdoor and indoor dining with great seating and equally pleasing decor. The ambiance on a whole is very decent and sophisticated but due to its immense popularity, it is always crowded and thus it becomes a very loud place. In all the place is a total eye candy with brightly lit environment and great work on roofs and walls. Bar section is also a delight to watch. Staff is good and will guide you best for your order. Though I am not very pleased with the staff inside the kitchen. I started with their recommended cocktail which was not on the menu. They don't even have a name for it but it was a tangy one with orange and grapefruit in it with Rum base. It was very refreshing indeed and very good in terms of mixology. In starters I went with their recommended of Chicken Pahadi Kebab which again was not in the menu. It arrived after considerable delay and sadly was not worth the wait. The marinade and seasonings were really good but the meat was undercooked from the insides which was a big letdown. Considering it was just chicken which does not take much time, that was totally a disappointment. In mains I went with veg patty sizzler in hot garlic sauce on noodles with sauteed mushrooms and tortilla chips. It again took time bit sadly what arrived to me was rice instead of noodles and fries instead of tortillas, Though they arranged me noodles soon after but even with that it was not much pleasing. The sauce was good but considerably less in quantity and the vegetable pattice could have been better. In all the place is very good in terms of its decor, but the carelessness of kitchen staff was an issue. The preparation and recipes were good which I felt from everything I had here but the execution is doing no justice to it. Order takes time but that too is understandable considering the number of people dining in this restaurant all the time. Prices are reasonable and you won't find anything in menu overpriced. My Rating: 1. Food: 3/5 2. Service: 3/5 3. Ambiance: 4/5 4. Value of Money: 4/5 neverknowsbest.in
Rated Yest visited place 2nd time with friends. Food,music,ambiance, variety of food everything is good. But little complaint about delay in service. If the service was quick i would have given 4 rating. Kindly improve on service guys rest things are good. Keep it up. Looking forward. Thanks
Rated Nice place in to be with family ,ambience is good ,we ordered for brocolli and cheddar soup not upto the mark it was too thick,then ordered for chicken shashlik sizzler and paneer shashlik sizzler along with prawns sizzler all three were ok the chicken was better than the two we had lemonade and ginger pitcher overall nice place and the service is also ok
Rated The food studio neva thought mulund wud have such nice plc...ambience was decent enough food was good had cheese foundue wch was yummmm dn veg quesedilla it was nice jz tat it was crispy n all d stuffing was falling dn v orderd virgin mojito wch was good over all good place plus good food plus good service!! Must try out diz plc!!
Rated It's a very nice place in Mulund for hangout with friends. It's very nice place for alcohol lovers with nice booze and good food. The thing disappointed me most was lighting. Lights are very loud as per the ambience. It could be little bit dim to match the ambience.
Rated I came here on a birthday with my best friend and we had a lovely time! The place was packed - it's really popular given that Mulund is starved of good restaurants. I was impressed by the space and the swanky decor. The food was quite brilliant and so were the drinks. When the servers found out it was my birthday, they got us free dessert! Thanks for that. The only negative is that the music is really loud. trailstainedfingers.com
Rated The food studio!! One of the good places in mulund. Nice ambience, loud music but average food. We tried cajun fried chicken, channa chat, veg balls in soya garlic sauce n grillee chicken sizzler in peri peri sauce. Quick service n really good staff management.
Rated Had a pleasant experience while dining with my family. We ordered the specialities of the place. In soups, the lemon chilli coriander superseded the broccoli and cheddar soup. In appetizers, I would suggest Cheese Chilli Toast, Crackling Spinach With Paneer, Veg Balls in Garlic Soy Sauce,Mexican Garlic Bread. Few of dishes were a bit cold but nevertheless had their taste and flavor. To complete the dinner a fine paneer sizzler, which served the purpose. Sitting in the interior room, the ambience was well suited for a family dinner. I would definitely visit the place again. A piece of advice would be change of music choice,also a little bit better lighting in the interior area where i was seated with my family.
Rated Ambience : Great Food: Good Service: Great Music: Great If your a resident of Mulund then this a very good place to visit
Rated Cute and cozy place. Go with friends who will hog with you. The pizzas are a must try, they are really tasty (chicken tikka pizza is recommended) the canopy also was also great,I also had the Oreo cheese cake and tiramisu which were jus yummm
Rated Wanted to try ths place since quite a while.. it's damn close to one of my fav place in dadar named ovenfresh... Finally visited ths place 2dae.. tried their italiano pizza n must say it was amazing.. they have a grt variety in their cake studio as well and serve quite a variety of mountails n shakes as well.. worth visiting
Rated You get a goody goody feeling ever tym you step in ! Tapping music, lip smacking food, decent ambience and courteous staff! No negative points till now. P.S : 0.5 deducted so they keep going better and better!
Rated Just the name suggest, its like home made typical Mumbai food, Nice ambiance, great food. Highly recommended place to go. Try the past & masala omelette.
Rated Aftr hearing abt dis restaurant so mch...finally gt tym 2 gt here. As I was around shiva ji park area..famous 4 itz cake studio..itz equally good 4 itz food menu! Service is good...so is d ambience! I I personally liked oriental fries..cheese corn ball wid sweetchili sauce..desi veg pizza n oreo shake
Rated This is our most visited joint. It gives a very warm feeling. The staff here is very helpful and rake good care of you. The Tuesday and Thursday offer is godsent. We again visited this olace yesterday. Yesterday's offer was buy one oizza and get another free. Their portion are good too and quiet filling. They have some amazing deserts especially their pastries. Thwir vanilla milkshake and freshlime water are simply amazing
Rated Home Chef is kind of place where one can go comfortably with both friends & family. Food is really nice. Iced tea & the other drink were huge in quantity. Penne Pesto was very nicely done. Croquettes & it's accompaniment were yumm. Coconut prawns curry was perfectly flavoured. I personally don't like lasagna which was OK. Frequented by families & college students around. The 1st floor seems a bit cramped but it could be good if one goes along with a group. Their cake shop is merged in this restaurant. Music is played throughout. The only thing below average at this place is their service. We had to loudly call out the service staff for basic things like refilling water glass. Moreover this place could be hard to find even when you walk past the same lane because there is very less visible branding outside. Home Chef is recommended !!
Rated While Mumbai has an abundance of places that serve the so called 'Continental' cuisine, this place has been an old favorite of many. My visit here totally confirmed why people have been coming here. There is a certain approachability to the place which sometimes other places miss big time. This lends itself to the whole experience wonderfully. We had some fish fingers and lime grilled chicken. Both the dishes were very good and the serving size was also nice. The fish fingers were classically done and who wouldn't want that. The grilled chicken was especially nice with the chicken very juicy and the skin super crispy. Overall it was a good experience and I would recommend this place.
Rated A small place and you might just miss while passing by but since this was on my list since a long time, I decided to go to Home Chef for a quick lunch. The ambiance is perfect for an outing where in you just want to sit and talk and relax without all the usual noise and disturbances .This place is cozy and nice. The interiors are simple and classy. We were promptly seated and did not have to wait at all. We started our meal with Cheesy Pesto Samosas, these were sort of Italian samosas served with a sweet chilli dip, but the stuffing inside tasted delicious even without the dip. Then we ordered Sweet Chilli Butterfly Prawns, this was served on a sizzler plate and the prawns were well marinated in a sweet and chilli mix, this is a must try for all seafood lovers. For the mains we ordered the Veg Lasagna which was average as it was cooked in red sauce and was less spicy. The Veg Mexicano Sizzler was Mexican rice topped with vegetables, cheese corn balls and melted cheese which made it delicious. We also tried the Surf and Turf which was absolutely fabulous, it was a combination of Chicken and Fish consisting of grilled chicken breasts in a pepper sauce with rice, pieces of fried prawns on a bed of corn, mashed potatoes and chicken frank. This was delicious and a must try for all non-vegetarians. We also tried the Shake-a-cake which was a Black Forest milkshake and a chocolate pastry to go along with this. This place is not very heavy on the pocket also their menu has a lot of things to try. Will surely visit again to try more things from here.
Rated So my first visit to a Chilie's in Mumbai. I have been their outlets in both Delhi and Bangalore. The food was good and the beer was chilled. But the service disappointed me. My service seemed a bit cold. When you are serving someone you need to put your heart into it. Initially I had to wait for 10 min for someone to take the order., and then another 15 min before my server told me that if would take my beer in a smaller glass as they didn't have enough pilsners. Since I was hungry and thirsty I said yes but guys you should definitely stock up on glasses and get some more staff. As far as food goes I had a molten cheese steak which was good but I would say I have had better.
Rated Low rating because seating is random: this fellow doing seating asked us to wait for 20 mind. After that when we checked, this other waiter told us we could take any empty table: and there were quite a few. Very random. Their margarita s are the best! I also like their starters usually but not this time: the nachos looked nothing like the description and we're burnt.
Rated Ambience good !! Food good !! Quantity ok ok !! It's has very young peppy atmosphere, has a nice Mexican American menu. Food is nice a lil on expensive side. Overall you can have nice time !
Rated The quesadillas and tacos are worth it. They're worth the hype and the price. Chicken quesadillas are the best. The triple dipper veg is a nice option to go to for a quick tummy filling meal. Just that, the cheese poppers are too oily. More than two just can't be eaten. The pasta is out of the world. Perfect amount of sauce, perfect amount of veggies too. It's a little over priced but it lives up to the Mexican food expectations. I've visited this place so many times and still will. It's my personal Mexican food favourite. I'd rate it 2.5/5 cause, what disappointed me was the staff wasn't very friendly. It was 1.20 am agreed, but no other tables were asked to hurry up when they were eating. A restaurant is supposed to wait until the customers finish their meal however late is, as manners. We hadn't even finished our meal and drinks but we were asked to hurry up to leave almost thrice. That's the only reason that might stop me from visiting here again. These are basic etiquettes which a restaurant should follow and Chili's failed.
Rated Ambience and service is good. But I find this place too expensive for the quantity they serve. I ordered nachos and I was literally served 6 nachos for 325 Rs like are you kidding me?? First time I went to this place and ordered nachos the quantity was good like a huge place full of it. To next time I got served 6 nachos in the same price. This was after they renovated the place. I have also tried the 5 dip platter in which there were 3 veg and 2 non veg dishes. Veg dishes were good. Chicken wings were so pathetic they were pakoras and not wings. The dips were okay nothing great. However I do like their cocktails specially cosmopolitan and beerita but I would only have those in happy hours.
Rated I have been here twice. Since it is know for American food, the extra deep fried food was no surprise The veg food here was much better than the non veg. Ordered onion rings and cheese poppers and couple of other dishes. All were good The non veg items we ordered were really bad and lacked flavour or had totally unwanted flavours We ordered an ultimate dipper -2 of the chicken dishes were inedible. For some reason, someone thought that making chicken taste like mango pickle was a good idea. None of us liked it- not sure if otherwise it is a popular dish Then we went for Buffalo & Chicken burgers- this was average. Though the falvours were there, the patty was not juicy and is not in line with the typical American Burger. Finally the pitcher of beer we ordered- It was flat. The first time I had come here, had ordered a Mug and it was really crisp. This time the pitchers we ordered were flat and was like drinking flavored water Music - not sure if they played any- either i couldnt hear it or it was not memorable Service - Nothing great nor nothing bad Ambiance - its bright and lively- some of the sections could use better chairs Price - it came to around 1000 per head - we did not enjoy the food, the drinks, the ambiance nor the music - so I would say it is over priced Will I visit again - not sure - Can give them the benefit of the doubt and assume that they have better dishes in the menu
Rated Nice American joint in Powai ... Open till late at night... This place is usually filled with youngsters from offices nearby and college students... Nice bar and good food menu... Jalapeño poppers were nice,,, veg platter was also nice... They had big screen to watch ipl matches.... Nice ambience and good crowd...
Rated When life gives you lemons, you catch them all and put them in a cocktail. Just in case you guys missed it, that's not what the saying really is but that's the version I follow and thanks to Chili's, I have never been disappointed. This outlet just lightens you up with its ambience. It has the vibe of a really vibrant diner having a bar along with certain quips of its history on the walls. Be prepared for some great music and chattering crowds that just adds a lot to the warmth of the place. The service needs some work because I've had to wave my arms like a loon to catch the attention of the staff, to waiting for eternity for my order to even repeat my order a few times because it was forgotten. Also, the typical waiting period during the rush hours is 45 minutes, so plan accordingly. Now the food and boy, oh boy the food!! The menu is pretty extensive but falters like a broken car on a lonely highway for veggies, like me. Honestly speaking, I am not very disappointed by it but would love to see if the guys here can do something more. I have had the classic nachos which made me bow down and say hallelujah. The dish is well presented and the flavors will come dancing on your tongue. I also had the fried pickles which were quite relishing. The batter itself was delicious and really crunchy combined with the savory pickles, made the dish a really good muncher. Last but not the least, comes the jalapeño paneer quesedillas which were pretty impressive but the paneer felt rather chewy. The drinks menu is pretty extensive too, out of which the long Island iced tea is my absolute favourite. The place may seem a little heavy on the pocket but the combination of the portion size with the atmosphere makes it all worth every penny. All in all, this is the place to sit back, relax and chatter with your friends; while sipping on a drink and munching on their food.
Rated I have been here twice and just love the ambience they have. The menu is very interesting however couldnt try much yet. Food is good only concern is the quantity. Service is also good. Best place to hang out with friends and catch up on few drinks.
Rated This is one of the most amazing places in the entire city. Food, ambience, service, quality, you name it and it's extraordinary. I hadn't known this place before so my expectations weren't too high, but the overall experience just swept me off my feet. The food here is impressive; not just delicious, since you get delicious food at quite a few places, but here it was truly impressive. The service was perfect, as if the staff knew how frequently to visit a table without interrupting the privacy. Their awareness towards the customers was impeccable no matter how crowded the place got. The ambience is soothingly dim which can be suitable for any type of visit. The place is highly recommended and I look forward to visit it again as soon as I get an opportunity.
Rated Went on Sunday around 8-8:15. The place was less crowded. We ordered the mushroom tart. One was the best tarts every had! So soft ad delicious!! In all the food was absolutely yummy and delicious!! The ambience will well designed too A great place to visit with friends and enjoy the music and the surrounding
Rated Amazing place! Food is too good at Cafe Zoe- went there on Sunday afternoon had couple buckets of beers along with basa dish, Ravas butter thing, chicken meatballs spaghetti, roast chicken and tiramisu cake, Walnut cake for desert! (Don't remember the exact names of dishes) Everything was good plus...
Rated Had a rack or ribs, expected a lot and was over delivered... Not just the texture, flavour, sleep and presentation that was top notch, surprisingly the quantity was double what I had anticipated... Freaked me out as places like this (bloody expensive) usually give such small portions I am forced to order twice... Lovely weekday visit but not so much fun on the weekend as the last few times I've been there it's simply over crowded... But I will be back, have to pay my respects to the goodies in the display at the entrance...
Rated Took my team out for lunch & this place turned out perfect. 5 stars as far as the ambience & decor is concerned. Very young, vibrant & peppy. However, the food palette needs improvement. Though they have some exotic ones like the mini lamb burgers & the basa fillet, the overall food experience could not live up to my expectations. The ravioli & Penne mushroom ragout need more imagination.. To summarise, the menu is innovative but lacks imagination. Good for the belly, not for the heart!
Rated This is a definite regular on my list, both for brunches and for nights out. The food is always good, not spectacular. The few things that stand out in my mind the shredded tenderloin parpadelle, the prawn & squid ajillo and this brunch egg dish with poached eggs and garlicy yoghurt. The salads are always tasty but I wish the portions were bigger The fresh juices are always good. The one thing I love about Zoe is the vibe. The open space is great for any time of day or night. I love their retro nights in Saturday's when everything is bustling and happy and the music is super. I would recommend Zoe for almost any occasion, if you want decent food and a great vibe.
Rated Beef sliders need I say more? Love the ambience in here! It's mostly young office goers having lunch whilst having fun. I've had quite a few drinks on the menu. They've all been good. And I'd like to try more so you know I'd visit this place again.
Rated An absolute jewel! You know what? I want more of these places! More! Because this place gobsmackingly amazing! Once you enter, you'll be in a whole new world, one that you'd never wish to leave. And we'd gone just for breakfast! Service: It's not lazy, just laid back. Not something that bothered me, because you're equally if not more laid back here. They're quite gracious in their demeanour, and pleasing overall. Good service helps a lot, and this place is a testament. Ambience & cor: I shall first attempt to describe the dcor, because that greatly influences the ambience. Really big place, high ceiling, seating spread far across, plants, big bar in the centre, vibrant colours, bright lights, good furniture. Now those are all brilliant things. Ambience is magnificent because of such features. You can talk without feeling disturbed, and totally enjoy this place. Love it! Food: We ordered stuff off the breakfast menu. BREAKFAST MUSHROOM TOAST. The mushrooms were amazing! Mind blowing stuff! There was a slight hint of parsley and basil, perhaps even some pesto in there. The bread was great too! Crisp and fresh! The side salad was pretty decent. If you like mushrooms even a little, you'll love this! EGGS BENEDICT. There are 4 elements here. Firstly, the slice of cheese. It wasn't just placed, it was melted on top. It was a part of the dish. Tasted brilliant. Secondly, the eggs themselves were cooked to perfection. And the yolk oozed out passionately. Thirdly, Norwegian Salmon. Oh my god! It's like falling in love with fish all over again. Perfect. And lastly, the bread. The element that is easy to overlook. But it was crucial for it to be good. PANCAKES along with MAPLE SYRUP, CHOCOLATE SAUCE AND WHIPPED CREAM. First and foremost, the pancake batter was heavy in its eggs. But apart from that, I couldn't find another flaw. Everything was just as desired. We had two fresh juices. SWEET LIME and WATERMELON. Now, you could taste that they fresh and real. There was no added sugar, and it was certainly not preserved. Natural as it was, there wasn't anything amazing about it. But that didn't bother me one bit, because I know the value of Fresh Fruit Juices. (I could star in a commercial of the same) I'll be honest, it surpassed my expectations. And I was left very satisfied. Something still seems amiss. If there were a million things that Zoe provides, then there's at least one thing that it doesn't. What is that one thing? Finesse of the highest order. And how do they achieve said finesse? I have no clue, which is why, I still find it one of the greatest places that I've visited.
Rated One of the most beautiful indoor settings I have seen ever. The entrance doesn't give a sense of how huge the place is. As soon as I entered, I was wowed by the relaxed ambience and the spaciousness. Had a lovely breakfast with Aditi Olemann - egg Benedict, bacon and some tea (probably Jasmine). 5 stars for the ambience. The service could be slightly faster, though.
Rated Nischita is a place in borivli well known for its non veg Indian and Chinese dishes.. Tried chicken crispy and chicken biryani from here.. Crispy felt little bland but biryani was tasty.. Space and ambience here is OK.. Overall could be tried for non veg dishes at reasonable rate.
Rated Average place, I'd rather order food home than eat here. Not the most hygienic.. Food is average at best. Their birayani used to be good and had me hooked on but if late is become very dry and the rice undercooked. Wish they improved but they seem to be going the opposite direction
Rated This place is one of the best if you like butter chicken mutton kheema and tandoori chicken. Hidden in northern mumbai's small suburb this place is a small shade. Attracts mostly young meat lovers. Menu is very simple and food served here packs a great punch with perfect blend of spices resulting in mouth watering dishes. N yes, it doesn't leave a crater in your pocket either. Must go.
Rated Good food. A takeaway is highly recommended as the place is often packed. Try any of their Indian and tandoor dishes instead of the Chinese fare.
Rated The place might not be that happening the food is just too good.....the chicken tikka was fab and have tried the chicken chilly indian style just too good with tandoori roti......tawa rice was average.....just near and good way to remove your hunger.....the home delivery is super fast and quantity just good for two people!!
Rated Ordered full Chicken Tandoori from this place for first time was not disappointed at all. Taste was awesome. Less oily. Amazing place to order food rather than eating over there.
Rated Food is amazing! It is best to get a home delivery done from here as the restaurant looks a little shady. The tandoori chicken, chicken tikka is beyond amaZing ! The chicken biryani and chicken curry is great too. A must visit for foodies :)
Rated Simply good food! Mouthwatering, budget friendly, quick bites, quick service. Im a fan already. Tasty butter chicken, egg curry, chicken tawa rice and protein chicken. The food makes up for lack of ambience. :)
Rated Well by the look of it you may think that its some cheap Chinese joint where people have drinks behind the curtains and all but that's not the case. You've got nice variety of food. Tandoor and Chinese. We had chicken crispy and Chicken Thai pot rice. Crispy was good not too spicy not too sweet and not too oily. In case of Thai pot rice, to my surprise it was better than what i was expecting from a place like this. It sorta lacked gravy they basically cooked rice in the gravy hence it soaked all of it, at other places you'd get gravy poured on white rice. It was certainly good and quantity was also good. (Chicken Crispy and Thai pot rice is good enough for 3 people, proper tummy full) Service was also good. Staff is courteous. Only thing is they take away the bill once you pay the amount (something that many restaurants in city do, make sure you always ask for a bill)
Rated I've mostly ordered take out. So I'll just comment about the food. I found it tasty and very rich in texture. A value for money this place is. Their biryani and butter chicken is the more popular amongst the rest of dishes served here.
Rated I was fancying a three tire dark chocolate yet sugarfree cake for my birthday this year. Less sinful and rarely available (especially in Mulund), fortunately I was introduced to Le Maison Patisserie. Extremely polite, patient and an honest entrepreneur. The cake looked gorgeous and sooooo delicious that it could just melt in your mouth !!! My family and friends couldn't stop raving about the cake yet. Been obsessed with this place ever since.. Also The Triple layer chocolate mousse cake is an absolute must try !!! Thankyou Le Maison Patisserie! *both thumbs up*
Rated Talk about a real out of the world experience then you have to have a bit of soul pleasing delight at "the bakery name". The first thing that attracts you is the design of the cakes. So much attention to even the minutest of detail is really amazing. And then you have that spell bounding taste. An experinece that makes you come back for more. A real treat for all your senses keep up the good work loads of luv and god bless....
Rated Gorgeous looking cakes which are also a treat to our tummies everytime. ....premium ingredients guaranteed resulting in mind blowing taste....btw they also make some unbelievable sugar free cakes for our guilt free pleasures...do check it out!!
Rated I have had a chance to try the cakes a couple of times and I have never been disappointed. The menu includes a wide variety of flavours which I have rarely seen in other cake shops. I would recommend le maison any day over the commercial cakes with sugary chewy fondant!
Rated Amazing cakes, very beautiful and creative. Has an amazing variety. The cupcakes are amazing too. Waffles are a must try. The chef is very friendly and believes in 100% customer satisfaction
Rated This place will have one of the topmost spots in my heart always! It used to be our favourite haunts back in college times! We all stayed so close to shivaji park and would inadvertently head here for a dinner. There's nothing here that I don't like! It's a pure veg place now but we have been visiting it from the time it even served non veg. (Thou I'm not complaining since I'm a vegetarian!) You can order almost anything blindly and rest assured it will be good! I love their bruschetta, nachos, enchiladas and cream of brocolli soup! I especially love their woks that are customisable according to your choice of sauces! They serve it piping hot on a burner! Must must mention is their bakery! It's the best! Better than any other bakery ever! This used to be our place to order cakes from at each and every birthday of anyone in the group! Now that I remembered this, time to go back to ovenfresh for cakes again! The only downside is that this place will most certainly have waiting for dinners. We never minded waiting back then but now I prefer reservations! Call and check if they would reserve! It's an absolute delight to visit at any time and not be disappointed!
Rated Finally could make my 🐾 fall into OvenFresh which is just next door for me. And believe me getting seat in 5 mins on Friday evening was like a victory. I have been there so many time but couldn't go beyond their bakery items which are so so yummy and tempting. So this time i tried their dough pizza and cheese corn balls.. Cheese corn balls were very much tasty.. Though it was an Over balls (6 pcs.) but it totally satisfied my taste buds and Pizza was good too. For making a pizza u have to choose the toppings (they charge extra for each topping) on ur own so make sure u arrange it right way coz their staff not gonna help us. As far as damages r concerned.. I find it bit costly.. For those 2 stuff total damages were Rs. 634/-
Rated You are greeted with the aroma of fresh bakery products as soon as you enter. Ambience is simple yet elegant. Comfortable sitting, though the tables are all in a row and slightly close to each other. Service is very good, extremely friendly and polite staff. FOOD. Simply too good. Spinach and cheese Sandwich, paneer pizza, coffee...everything that we ordered was delicious. I saw a few people ordering nachos and it looked so yummy that I was tempted to order one myself. Heavenly indeed! Fully loaded with cheese, one of the best nachos i have ever had. Equally delicious are their desserts, chocolate muffins are to die for! Must visit if you are at dadar area.
Rated A stunning place for those who eat vegetarian food. It has adapted very well to the changing times by incorporating newer dishes into its menu. The only pitfalls being a queue to get in, and a small seating area, it's otherwise a very nice place, and I seldom say that about pure vegetarian places. Service: Honestly, a little disappointed. There were instances wherein our patience was tested. But no major flaws. Since we arrive early, and there were several patrons waiting to be seated, the waiters were eager to get us out. A little hurried, no more. Ambience & Décor: Again, a small place. A little congested, but not claustrophobic, at least not for me. So it can be a little noisy. The décor on the other hand, is pretty good. Definitely impressive. It shows they've put thought into it. Food: I must say, I wasn't hungry when I arrived hence we didn't particularly feast on the dishes. NACHOS, this is my personal favourite here, and I've always had it each time I visit Ovenfresh. It's simple. Crisp and thin tortilla chips, with stringy, thick and delicious cheese sauce topped with some sliced capsicums. Great stuff. SMOKED CHIPOTLE HUMMUS WITH CIABATTA BREAD. Firstly, the hummus, was perfect in its texture. The chipotle flavour wasn't very noticeable, but the paprika and smoked flavours were. The oil too, was chilly oil. The bread, oh my God! Who would've thought that bread could be this good? Magnificent! SOBA NOODLES WITH TOFU AND VEGETABLES. Actually it was really nice, but we weren't particularly hungry, hence it wasn't very appetising. But frankly, it was a creative and somewhat healthy dish. If you like noodles, this isn't a bad pick. Two drinks: LIME AND MINT COOLER. Highly flavourful. In fact, too much. I added some water to dilute it. HAZELNUT CHOCOLATE SMOOTHIE. Good lord, wasn't that amazing? I could've drank litres of it. Thick and rich. So, Ovenfresh is a great vegetarian place. Sadly, they're restricted by space and deal with impatient and famished customers. If you get to visit this place, off peak hours then you are in for a delight.
Rated One of the best Vegetarian joint which is unbeatable, I just love the food and the service here is also amazing. A visit for repetitive visits is Highly recommended. Disclaimer: Try not to visit on Weekends as its full packed and waiting might irritate you to the core. I recommend, 1. Cheese corn balls, 2. Cheese garlic bread, 3. Grilled cottage cheese with Chipotle, 4. Nachos, 5. Paneer Shashlik Sizzler.
Rated Been close to my heart. This place has given me many memories. Love the sundries focaccia. love the bakery section for home shopping. Love most of the desserts they yummmm. N food has been good since always.
Rated Amazing place.. yummy sizzlers and too good desserts.. they luckily have grt choices in eggless desserts also which is rare nw a days..one of my favorite place in dadar
Rated Another one of my old favorite places to eat. Dining here was almost a weekly thing while in college. A big fan of their Swiss cheese fondue and cheesy garlic breads. Nachos with beans and corn cheese balls are also superb. They make awesome hummus as well. Almost always nail the risotto which I think is one of the most difficult thing to cook to perfection. Very decent pizzas as well. Lime and mint cooler is pretty refreshing and their thick cold coffee is superb. I just wish getting a table was a bit easier. There's almost always a wait time of at least 15 minutes, but it's worth the wait. :)
Rated Been here today...and called for take away chicken biryani...The quantity was quite good but biryani was not upto the mark. First of all rice was not Basmati rice. Secondly it was little uncooked...third biryani doesn't have distinguish taste.. so it was wrong choice to order biryani here.... But i will love to try another food items soon.....
Rated Burger king have always been among my favourite burger destination. Dadar star mall outlet was the 1 I was waiting for to get started. Buh however the counter people are not good at their service as they din not inform us abt the offer of 1 pe 1 free that was going on.
Rated Very small take away place at Shivaji Park... Very few people know the address but every one knows the Name of it... Burger Corner! Please dont go by the name it doesn't serve only Burgers It has got variety of ready to eat starters. Mostly pre packed. Burger Corners Biryani is Hitt! Most importantly u dont have to order in kgs. U can order 250 gms 500gms however u wish. They really make good biryanis. Unlike other take away places they keep marinated Lollypops which u can fry at home and enjoy it piping hot! Their Burger is good not great anyways u have got many places to have Burger but Snacks specially Non Vegetarian no one can beat Burger King.
Rated I fondly remember its aromatic mouthwatering chicken dum biryani. The deep fried caramelised onions on the top. The amazingly marinated potatoes in between. But sadly lost our those childhood days. The biryani is strictly ok now with no real 'dum' in it. The chicken seekh kebab with mint and onion chutney and chicken cutlets are decent. Wish they could bring back those flavours from good old days!
Rated I have never had a burger from this joint surprisingly. I do intend to try soon. What we have been ordering from this place since my childhood is their biryani. It is a wonderfully spiced, fragrant Maharashtrian fare topped with deep fried onions. It has its own distinct flavour which which makes you their regular patron. I like the biryani here better than all the other joints in Mahim. It is non-oily yet moist enough due to adequate masala. The biryanis from other places in the vicinity Khans,Paramount,even Delhi Darbar leave me with sore throat the next day. Maybe its the dalda or the kind of oil they use. Preferred by many people I know in the vicinity. Definitely recommended for a takeaway. One might have trouble locating it though. Do pick up his Kheema patties and lollypops, they are delicious too.
Rated This place us actually known for wide range of frozen meat and poultry items. They can fry and serve you most of the frozen snacks they have. They make a decent burger from one of their chicken patties.they serve it hot and fresh and the white sauce in the burger is good too. Nothing special but taste and quality is decent and worth trying once.
Rated The biryani take away place for people living in the Dadar Shivaji Park area. A very small take away place located in a narrow lane close to Shivaji Park, Burger Corner can be very hard to find if you are new to the area. I'm a fan of their Chicken Biryani and the Chicken Lollipops. End up ordering from here once a month for a nice Sunday lunch with the family. You can try the Kheema Pattice too, which is also really good. The biryanis are reasonably priced and made in a very homely Maharashtrian style. Like the lollipops so much that I once ended up ordering 8 dozen to be shared among 8 people. :) Rajasi Patil Arya Patil
Rated we are trying to reach on the contact numbers provided but none of them are available. the food quality is good but the policy of minimum order of 90 rs is not acceptable
Rated I just ordered Shezwan Paneer Noodles & Tawa Pulav......... It took 50 min to get the parcel........ Food taste was very average....... I did not like the taste at all......
Rated Tried out a new outlet opened in mulund west..an all veg cafe but great offerings.the wraps are unconventionally great and decently priced with a voluptious serving of their signature chilli mayo. other must try here is their chinese menu. they serve delectable chinese and have a great quantity to offer in terms of their pricing and the preparation also goes down well with me.the cafe made fresh schzwan chutney is an add on of their quality of food and great taste! also, pav bhaji and tawa pulav are light,tasty and pampering for your taste buds. wished this would be situated somewhere near chembur. way to go fresco!
Rated Found an option for between meal hunger strikes! As the place is in my vicinity have tried various snacks from here.. They even serve variety of detox juices which are a delight for health freakers! Have always experienced quick & fast home delivery (approx.20 mins) for quick satisfaction of hunger between-meals! Food quality is good.. Loved their noodle wrap which i usually dont prefer elsewhere. They always provide complimentary mayonese sachets which is quite impressive, specially for a Mayo-Lover 😁 !!
Rated A new café at one end of mulund west and I dragged my friends to this new place! Found the seating arrangement outdoor-ish (loved it!). For a new start up in Mulund, the service was good. We ordered a Latte, which tasted not so bad. Since we turned up at the time when Chinese wasn't served (no Chinese between 3-6pm), we tried the wraps and Frankie. While the schezwan wrap lacked the taste of schezwan sauce, the veg Frankie turned out to be alright. Me and my friends though loved one thing which was the mayo, given as a compliment to the wraps/frankies. Overall experience was good, the beverages- decently priced. If the place had some light music on, in the evening with the lights and a slight improvement in the quality of the food, the place could be turned to an amazing place!
Rated I happened to accidentally visit the place. This is a small cafe but the foood is really amazing. Places like these need to be visited often. Definitely visiting again
Rated This place is the best. Wenevr we visit ic colony this is our adda usually the owners are so sweet the staff is so polite food is amazing and at a very reasonable rate. The mojito the sandwiches lip smacking. How time passes by we don't even realise. Will recommend to everyone if u want to have a good time with ur friends this place is the right choice. Would rate it 4 if just the owners suggest to give it a thought to arrange a fan outside for people who sit out as in summers it gets really hot......
Rated Blue Bliss gives u personal attention from the time u enter the Café! Great place to feel HOME AWAY FROM HOME!!! Great food and music giving u all the BLISS!
Rated This lovely little joint is hidden away in a corner of IC colony and I happened to discover it by chance....and I'm so happy I did. It's quiet and cozy, has a lot of regulars visiting and the food is delicious. The owners are very polite and welcoming and they are very passionate about what they do. Always feels good to see them put in an honest effort to make customers smile and provide yummy food. Big thumbs up.... Would definitely recommend a visit.
Rated A small but cute cafe in ic colony..good place to enjoy with a small group of friends. Delicious options of food and does not disappoint. Had the mushroom pasta in creamy sauce, potato chilli bites ( crunchy) , chicken wrap, paneer wrap, garlic bread with cheese and virgin mojito.. all of these were really good. For the veg lovers, paneer wrap is a must have. All in all had a really good and relaxing time here. Can't wait to try the breakfast menu ☺
Rated A cozy cafe in the heart of IC colony. Their USP is the very existence. Chic interior, super friendly couple runs it and the food is just AMAZING. The pricing is just set right for one to become a regular with all these benefits combined. 😊
Rated A small cafe joint hidden near YMCA Ic colony serving delicious food and beverages. Tried the cold coffee and the paneer wrap here, it was very well made and was filling. They have place to sit and the ambience is quite silent for a perfect date. The owner is also very friendly and helps you with the order.
Rated I've been to this place about 6-7 times and each time i go it just gets better and better! This is a very cute little place tucked in by lanes of IC colony and is a refreshing change from stereotypical cafés! The owners here prepare the food themselves so you can expect a good homely flavor! The breakfast menu is also with trying and there is a different menu everyday! They have Christmas and new years specials too for which you need to order in advance! I personally love the pork ribs and Bacon wraps! Also don't forget to taste their cold coffee which is heavenly! The seating however is limited so take away is a good option!🙌
Rated Good food... Good taste.... Good service.... In Mumbaikar language ek no restaurant..... Service is quick and staff is very friendly..... E Njoy
Rated By the looks of it the place may seem small to some, but once you enter and have ordered your food you will be welcomed with some really good music and delicious food. Wraps are simply juicy and lip smacking. The pork ribs are a must try. Go, visit the place and you are sure to want to come back here again.
Rated Been at this place for lunch yesterday.. Had garlic naan ..two mix indian veggies paneer chilly masala papad..good fast service..good taste..nice ambience... Good decent ambience..
Rated If you are a vegetarian by choice or my force or what so very reason do go to this place if you are in dadar. I would highly recommend the banarasi kofta.
Rated One of those umpteen decent food places serving almost everything fast and fresh geared for the middle class wallets. Not that it is a bad thing! During college days,didn't we all just haunt such outlets with our limited pocket monies? :D But of course now I am spoilt for choices and well,some days are just bad as I guess was the case the day I came here with mom. We were meeting my sister after lunch so this was our fast food stop. Looks very hygienic and is almost always crowded,so we took it as a good sign. Staff is very efficient and super quick. We had a pav bhaaji and a masala dosa. Pav bhaaji was good-I am not a big fan but my mom is,she liked it. Very spicy according to me but I just had 1 spoon to taste and I am biased towards sweet stuff,so shouldn't be commenting on that. My mom liked it BUT she complained of heartburn at night later which happens when she has batch of food with excessive use of chillies. Of course, 'Told you so' is not something that I want to use in front of my mom but I did tell her it was too spicy :P On the other hand,my masala dosa was extremely bland. First, the quantity of masala in the dosa was miniscule AND it seemed like it has NO chilly at all. I mean, you know, masala dosa. The masala means SOME spice,right? Anyway,I just mixed 1 spoon of mom's bhaaji from the pav bhaaji and it tasted all right :D Dosa was crunchy and the sambhar and chutney were good. They definitely need to get the balance of spices right. Or maybe it was just a bad day. Overall, nothing extraordinary but for those on a budget or really in a hurry,can check it out :) celebratemybeautifullife.blogspot.com
Rated Upscaled udipi restaurant. Delivers Just what you expect from a udipi joint. You get everything here chinese, mughlai, sandwich, pizza, juices, desserts. Only reason for me not being regular at this place that this is a pure veg joint;) Jokes apart but this is one of the busiest joint you will find all throughout the week. Used to be fan paneer chilly fry which I used to order when this restaurant started, donno if it still available and has got the same taste. You get good pav bhaji and dosas here and I can say that since thats what i normally order from here!!! Sj's Ratings: Food: 3.5 Ambiance : 4.00 Service : 3 Value for Money: 3.5
Rated Great quality and great taste. The quantity is good too. Ambience is fine, service is great. I mostly prefer the north indian dishes here. Chinese seems just average. A little place that is mostly packed. The food is always served hot, i appreciate that part the most.
Rated Visited this place on Sunday for dinner...generally this restaurant is packed with an hour waiting but luckily that day 4of us got table in 5-10 minutes... Place looks very small frm outside but it has sitting area inside as well... Bit cramped but once food on the table you would be alright... Talking about food... Started with mounchow soup which was spicy yet gud in taste.. Later tried couple of paneer starters which were gud too and paneer quality is superb... Thn we tried paneer handi,dal tadka n heera rice so everything tasted just about perfect with good portion for 4of us. Service was quick once they started getting our order. Overall medium budget good family restaurant. Don't expect calmness in restaurant bcos generally family visits this restaurant... But for food gud gud...
Rated Wanted to go here since a long time. Quite packed on Sundays though. Entered at around 7:00 pm. Place looks decent and they have a grand menu to choose from. We had a pavbhaji first. Their pav-bhaji stands among one of the best pav-bhajis I've ever had. Balanced taste. The pav they give have loads of butter, can be reduced. They had loads of tandoori items too, like kebabs and tikkas, veg though :p. We had to try the mushroom reshmi kebab. The quantity was less but the taste was great. Each piece was perfectly cooked along with the kebab coating. It was pleasant. We were not yet full, so decided to have a cream of mushroom soup. This wasn't like the typical sweet cream soups, that we usually get. It had a different flavour, more towards the sour side with the aftertaste of cream. Intelligently done, I must say. The prices are reasonable and the food quality is great.
Rated We happened to drop in here just by chance, because there was a long line at another restaurant. However, my friends n I don't regret that decision. Surprisingly, the food was good, and very reasonable (had to be, it's a fast food joint). The different types of dosas were finger-licking, and the pav bhaji was good too. So, I won't mind going there again!
Rated This place used to be a frequent one for me a few years ago but now I barely come here. Went back while I was in the area for a quick snack. I had the idli sambhar and it was pretty average. Chutney was bland and the sambhar was ok. Idlis were fresh and soft. Recommend the rava dosa, Chinese starters like paneer chilly and udipi style subzis where mostly all gravies taste the same. Service is fast. So if you are short on time and don't want to look for other options then come here.
Rated This is an indo chinese vegetarian restaurant situated in the prime area if Dadar(West). This restaurant is cheap but serves you good quality and a lot of quantity of food. The taste is amazing. The menu is balanced. They also serve drinks and full bar is available at an average rate. The accompaniments are roasted papad with green Chutney and peanuts. The green Chutney over here has some kind of different taste and makes you to eat it all over again. The servers are good and helping and the service is quick. The ambience is soothing. Basically a proper cheap restaurant comprising of bar and vegetarian food is this place. I love this place and I am sure I will give another visit.
Rated Sujata annex located in Dadar is bang opposite Prakash and adjacent to Sujata veg treat. We intended to go to sujata veg treat but accidentally reached here. Initially got a bar room, which had typical bar ambiance and not suitable for families. After sometime we were send to the main seating area which was good for families. The food was good, quantity was also sufficient, but the service was slow. May be because the cook the food freshly every time you order. So if you are very hungry then go elsewhere. The crowd was also decent. A big problem for visiting this place is parking, so avoid taking car to this this.
Rated There was a time when we use to go atleast once a week to this place. Apart from being a pure veg place, it serves liquor. Also the waiting time is atleast 20-30 mins even on week days since it can accommodate only 30 people at one time. The food is excellent and the staff is very very courteous.
Rated This restaurant is one of the few veg-bars located in Dadar(W) where Vegetarians can enjoy their meals along with the drinks together,also the restaurant is having nice ambience & good service where people who only want to enjoy their vegetarian meal can do so. The quantity & quality offered is also worth for money. Place seems like an expensive restaurant but its not that expensive & crowd here is salutary as the restaurant is located in a good vicinity. But there are many things which can get improved but best thing is its fully veg so a good place for all the vegetarians to dine in. So just get in,let yourself enjoy the classic veggie food of the annex.
Rated Have been here a lot of times....! A perfect place for veggie day. The ambiance is not dat good but the food is good..! Do try crispy one of my favorite dishes here..!
Rated We went for dinner here on 28th May, my parents anniversary. Occasions falling on Monday and Thursday warrant veg food for the otherwise hard core non-vegetarians. We ordered 2 starters, Spring rolls and Kurkura cheese. The spring rolls were hot and perfectly crisp , filled with enough veggies. It is a simple dish really, but many places go wrong with this. I absolutely loved the kurkura cheese!!! Five big mounds of goodness , each containing paneer veggie mixture enclosed between layers of cheese and potato as binding. The quantity is so much, we were full just with the starters. For the main course, we ordered a Paneer Pasanda and 3 rotis. The quantity again was more than enough and we parcelled half of it home. The paneer was fresh and the dish was as good as any. The bill with all of these items(and 2 fresh lime sodas) was just 700. They dont give home delivery sadly, but luckily it is close enough from home to pick up something on whim. Our vegetarian days are going to be seeing a lot more of Sujata food. Vidyadheesh Upadhye Thank you for the Kurkura cheese recommendation, it was truly delightful :-)
Rated A nice place as per the price for the meals and the drinks too.. around the vicinity. A treat for vegeterians, and decent as in considerations the drinks provided. The service is fast. The staff and the food are equally nice. Give it a try.
Rated If you are vegetarian this is the place you need to go....!!!!!! Reasonable rates not much expensive.......!!!!!! The food is delicious.....!!!! It also has a permit room just incase you would like to gulp down a few drinks with your food....!!!!!
Rated Very fresh donuts. Love all the flavours. The mango one is my favourite. It's not oily at all and has quite a variety of flavours. The outlet always lures me with the aroma of fresh donuts!
Rated Awesome doughnuts. Fulfills your sugar carvings, Variety is great, Sometimes few varieties are not available which is really disappointing. Never tried their milk shakes, will try some soon.
Rated Good doughnuts, freshly baked to make any mood happiest! It was a small check in for me with a burger and coffee but it surely was a treat. I tried their new chocolate doughnuts and the range is good for chocolate lovers!
Rated Of all chains, Krispy Kreme is defintiely my favourite by a long distance! Coming to the outlet, the ambience is really good. It is spacious and well lit and most of all, spotless! I was lucky to run in when they just made a fresh batch of the originally glazed doughnuts. Simply fabulous, melt in your mouth doughnuts. Beverages might not be one of their USPs but I loved their hot chocolate as well. Thick, creamy with a perfect amouny of cocoa - My fantasies are made up of such desserts!!
Rated I remember when they first opened up around two years back and were giving away free doughnuts at neighbouring IT companies. I had a plain glazed one and it just melted in my mouth. Perfectly sweet and soft. Went in here a few days back and picked up a doughnut sundae and some other doughnut. The sundae was yum with right amounts of icecream and chocolate sauce. Not a very big fan of sprinkles though. The other chocolate filled doughnut was good as well. They have a pretty spacious seating and a bright ambiance. Wonder why the place is so empty often. Never a bad place for some coffee, doughnuts and chitchat.
Rated There is not really a lot I can say about this Krispy Kreme that I haven't said for others. Sure, donuts are nice and service is good but that's the same everywhere. I just found my experience to be less fun in this particular place. The donuts were not as fresh as I have had in some places and the packing is not that great. They pack in a box only if you buy 6 or 12, otherwise, it's a paper bag. blog.husainad.com
Rated We you have donuts craving! Go to krispy kreme! They are always fresh and soft! We ordered for original glaze! strawberry cupid which had a vanilla sugar coat outside and inner filling was with strawberry jam. It was soft.. the best one was the death by chocolate dream cake.. after a bite.. it was oozing out with melted chocolate. It was delicious <3
Rated One of the best doughnuts I ever had. There are loads of varieties in chocolate, vanilla, mango etc. The best one is simple sugar glaze doughnut, it melts as soon as you take a bite in your mouth.
Rated I like Krispy Kreme donuts. Krispy Kreme >>> Mad Over Donuts. Their donuts are always soft and since some of the donuts don't have holes, the chocolate stuffing inside never leaks and you can eat them with ease without worrying about looking like a kid. I like this spacious outlet. Eating donuts can be a messy affair and it always bugs me that MOD has tiny outlets. Thankfully Krispy Kreme powai has a large seating area. Large seating area also means that customers have a place to sit at your store and will spend longer time in it, probably ordering more, but I digress. -I took the regular size Hot Chocolate : This is meh, like most of the beverages at Krispy Kreme. -Regular Size Banana Caramel Shake : Meh, again. I expected this to be thick because of the banana but it isn't. Also, bananas have a really strong taste so you won't be able to detect the caramel flavor evenly. If you find this too sweet, finish some of it & ask them to add more milk(they won't charge extra) I also took two donuts, Chocolate Dream Cake and Kookie & Chocolate custard. They were really good donuts, I'd love to have them again. They were not overly sweet ( I was afraid of coming across this kind because of the reviews on Zomato). Every bite of the donuts were soft and the donut did not disintegrate while eating. Krispy Kreme needs to improve on these : -bring more variety of chocolate donuts. Or maybe they were just Out of Stock when I went in, so they should improve upon their inventory in that case. -Haven't seen the 'donut dhamaka' flavors in store -I understand why you're donuts are pricey, they are good quality. But the beverages ? They are nothing but run-of-the-mill ordinary and the price charged is sheer robbery. Why can't you improve them ? Just see all the reviews on Zomato. Also, in pictures you have shown the shakes with Irish cream topping, in reality, you have to pay separately for the topping ! That makes your shake more expensive than Starbucks' beverage. Still, Krispy Kreme >>> Mad Over Donuts ......for me. I'm yet to try Dunkin Donuts' donuts, so maybe that will change my opinion. Ugh Zomato, making me so fat :(
Rated Dined yesterday night at this restaurant. Truly multicuisine with menu ranging from Lasagne to Salli boti and a full blown Chinese menu with a good amount of Mangalorean items thrown in. What we liked: Surmai Rawa Fry Surmai Tawa Fry Neer Dosa Crab Pulimunchi Burnt Garlic chicken Caramel Custard What we didn't like: Calcutta Biryani ( becoz we know the real thing) Bitan Datta Overall, good place with great portion sizes and superb service. Would love to visit again though it is a tad noisy on the ambience. The cocktails were great too.
Rated Its more of buffet place than alacarte. The food is decent and so is the service. Ambience is good. Value for money seems a disaapointment though. Overall an average experience.
Rated Loved the restaurant. Amazed, quality at its best.. Service was too fantastic.. The food was awesome too.. Loved the mocktails too.. The round table sittings are great. Perfect fine dine experience with quality. Fantastic.. Loved it.. Worth it.. Definitely worth the money.. A must visit.. 😍👍
Rated One thing that always made me curious about this restaurant was their grand and artistic entrance. So when i finally went there, I was happy to see that the interiors were also equally well done. We had been here for the lunch buffet and thoroughly enjoyed the delicious food as well as the service. The starters were great, especially the fried fish. Main course was just average, but that happens with most of the buffets. The variety in their cuisine is amazing, so do visit this place if you wanna try out a few different dishes.
Rated First time walking out hungry from a SUNDAY BRUNCH: 1st of all it should not be called a Sunday brunch but a general buffet. Second its NOT a good buffet. Yes the price is approx 600 a person so you would expect lesser variety. So when there were only 2 starters or 1 option of soup for vegetarians, I thought that's OK, may be it tastes good. But no. Minestrone soup was a mix of tomato shorba and something probably Italian. Then came the mains. Bad. Weird mix of Indian, Italian, Chinese, Thai with 1 dish representing each. Taste. Below average. Except for yellow dal which was nice. Then the eventual disappointment of the dessert bar. Look for your self at the full array(if you can call it that). BTW who serves ladoo in dessert bar. That too if that's 1 of the 2 desserts you serve. I was on sugar free diet for a month and today I am supposed to eat sugar. But I didn't touch the desserts here. Coz I can't waste my sugar quota on this shit. So I m gonna cross the road to Thebroma and have something better. And oh I forgot to talk about salads coz what is served can hardly be called that and is worth mentioning. Disappointment scale 5/5. Positives: ambience is nice if one can eat it
Rated We had gone here for a Sunday buffet for a kid's birthday party. Its a small nicely done up place which offers buffet at a reasonable price and located in a convenient location. The starters were pretty good and so was the service. The chicken was done properly and tasted good. The veg starters too very crispy and tasty. The maincourse options were limited but tasted decent and good. Overall, a nice buffet place for people who are content with a limited variety of food but good in taste.
Rated An extra 0.5 for the serene and tastefully done interiors that the place offers which makes it a go-to place in Hiranandani. Although I didn't find it great so as to recommend it to someone! Preferable the buffet is a better option than the A la carte since its more value for money. Went here yesterday and was already getting hungry, so directly tried the mains. Ordered the Mirch ka Murg and Bhuna Pyaz-ka-murg. Well this was what they suggested us for a better gravy option, although we got quite let down by the taste. It was good but definitely not great. Finally the Calcutta biryani saved our night as it was quite delicious with small cubes of tender lamb(we preferred lamb over chicken). After not such a great dining experience we preferred limiting ourselves to this much only.
Rated Had been to this place as part of office team celebration for dinner on a Friday, we were a group of 13. While the place has an amazing ambiance, the food isn't that great. Totally not worth the expensive menu, the service deteriorated once the restaurant was full. Plus I had found a strand of hair in my plate on reporting this to the staff all they did was replace my plate. Surely not visiting this place again or recommending it to anyone
Rated Had to wait for 15 mins even on a wednesday (weekday) eve.. but I chose to, as I wanted to try Red Olives. These 15 mins felt like 15 hours as I was super hungry. ok so the restaurant is done up well.. & was all packed with corporate crowd & families mainly. Being super hungry & little confused as they have a whole lot of cuisines to offer we took help of the staff so as to what could be the best thing to order. To start with called for kebab e lazeez (chicken) for starters which was very tender but a little less flavoured & chicken thai green curry with Jasmine rice for the main course. Thai curry was pretty good but Jasmine rice was just usual with nice aroma but nothing different in taste. I guess the staff is only trained to serve whereas communication is a little problem but Service is good on the whole. Seatings not too comfy for me.. Nice experience overall...
Rated Don't take it wrong but for food it is 5/5 due to service I gave it 3.5. Really the food is awesome veg non veg both starters are great even main course was awesome but a kill improvement is required at desserts counter and the most refurnishing is required towards their service side. The staff is sooooo rude at least teach ur staff to smile and for a single thing we need to ask for 3-4 times and see the face of those rude people. But at food taste quality no complaints literally.. Hope to see the improvement on my next visit.
Rated The best thing about sigree is it has Huge space! Huge tables! Huge starters & main course spread! You feel free to roam around with your plate as it's clutter free. Ambience is good and yes it's always occupied! Food tastes better on weekdays compared to weekends. Starters are amazing! What I like about sigree starters is they don't use single theme , you get variety and that replenishes your taste buds. Main course has a wide spread along with some delicious deserts. Experience was good everytime but weekdays are always better , so visit on weekdays!
Rated A lavish buffet always excites me☺ Sigree does offer you one. Located in the hustling street of powai, this place is full of people from the corporate sector (on weekdays atleast). It truly is commendable for the amazing global cuisine experience they provide. When compared to barbeque nation, it surely offers you alot more variety in the same category. The cherry on the cake is the live pasta and risotto counter and amazing service :) The only thing disliked here is the welcome drink. Also, if you want to try everything you need to have little of all :) and try skipping the bread part as it bloats the stomach before the delicious main course ;) The dessert stomach we all have is blessed with the variety offered here :D
Rated Amazing place with lots of variety Concept of Barbeque grill Nice ambience Good music Always fun to come here Been here twice Starters are too filling Veg and non veg , both have lots of variety Service is good But if the group is large it will be difficult to get a seat here on weekends (on the spot basis) So I suggest reservation if group is large (6+) I celebrated my moms bday and my bday here Both times food was good Quality was amazing Quantity was very good as it is unlimited food Welcome drink can be better Cost-4.5/5 Food- 4/5 Quantity- 5/5 Quality- 4/5 Service-4/5 Ambience- 4/5
Rated The restaurant has a nice ambience and when we visited their Punjabi festival was going on. Owing to that the place was decorated, waiters wearing turbans and Punjabi pop songs playing in the background. Having experienced bbq at Bbqn, I went here with high hopes and wanting to tantalise my taste buds! But alas...this place did not live up to my expectations. The food was average, service was extremely slow and we we waiting for long to get our bbqs to be filled. Unlike Bbqn, once our bbq started, the starters did not keep coming. It lacked variety and some veg starters tasted really strange. In nonveg only fish and prawns were good, chicken was very average. Buffet was good and would say better than starters. Desert was good.
Rated This place is more or less like BBQ nation. Both of them have table grill. Currently they are celebrating Punjab Festival ,I found nothing amusing about it though. The starters and main course though were mostly Punjabi dishes but then that's what you get in every other restaurant in the city. The food was good nothing that I can complain about. Service was great, they kind of have open door policy u can literally ask any one and they'll help you. The ambiance was nice . Just wish if they could add some more varieties in their starters and main course SIGREE GLOBAL GRILL POWAI Sigree Global Grill
Rated I must say the whole ambience was top class. I liked the way they have arranged the buffet so as to not disturb the customers. The food quality is again something that I appreciate here. Compared to the other outlets that give such weekday lunch offer, Sigree has maintained its standard in terms of delivering quality dishes.
Rated Mission exploration of Powai began with a bang Sigree global grill is simply a great place for a buffet. We had a Punjabi menu on board and it never disappointed!! Spot on with Bhatai jingaa, lasoon murgh tikka, Rawalpindi da murgh and the dumplings which were out of the world! Pizza was decent and chessy. Make your own pasta(only veg) which satisfactory. The mains Mutton chape kheema te kalegi was outstanding. Butter chicken and Mutton vale chawaal were other greats! Desserts of chocolate mousse, mango mousse, jalebi with rabdi, ice cream(awesome), bread pudding and gulab jamun were good too! Really ended with meal well. And a complimentary lassi was offered to everyone which really helped everything settle well! Quantity 10/10 Quality 8.5/10 Service 7/10(A tad bit slow) Hygiene 9/10 Location 8/10
Rated Sunday Peak Time Bias Alert..... So a friend is moving to another city and we thought to have a farewell lunch as we were 3 couples and two kids so decided on a buffet. We checked previous day and got the booking only for 2 pm. We reach on time friends still on the way and I realise even with prior booking its 30-45 min wait. Place was ear piercingly noisy with all tables full as they had punjabi festival. We are seated by 2.45 and table grill was set....we were all veg so they started getting the tikkas...bharwan potato, pineapple broccoli capsicum and a paneer tikka. That's it for the veg. All 3 were decent in taste and fresh but there was nothing wow in it. We quickly move to main course at 3.15 as they close at 3.45. Few things were yet to be refilled which was done after asking. Overall spread was large enough with regularly tasting punjabi dishes of good quality but it was missing any uniqueness in taste or presentation. Same with the desserts..... Overall it was a good experience but I am sure weekends are not great time to be here and have a lazy cozy lunch or dinner.
Rated Best known for its live music and ambience. For me nothing is better than spending an evening chilling at Bluefrog listening to some progressive rock and drinking a beer.
Rated Blue frog is a place where you can grove , enjoy and forget the world , I have to give it to blue frog team for this , amazing artists , great job , recently goa gill was playing and it was amazing .
Rated The litmus festival held last weekend had this blue frog as a venue for its various shows being performed on stage.. Loved the sitting area and service.. Everything was upto the mark.. Had ordered few drinks and pesto sandwich.. Was completely filling and not so expensive.. Its not only night place.. One can also spend a good time in daylight..
Rated BlueFROG is a place that one must visit for the overall feel of it. Lovely music being played in the perfect setting with good food, good drinks and perfect service. Although over-priced, it is a good place. One of the best in Bombay in terms of ambiance. Must visit!
Rated It's one of the legends like if staying in Bombay you have missed this means you have really missed the club culture here, the amount of celebs have been here to play n enjoy is just amazing. Some legends have played music here. One of its kind. Must visit. Love the food too. Best parties.
Rated Went yesterday to blue frog for Goa gill event. Restaurant was full as expected. Goa gill (baba ji) is a well known DJ in India and world wide. Trans music as its best. First the positives music awesome this guy can play non stop for 7 to 8 hours and was at his best. We were dancing like crazy... a perfect high.Very good crowd,food,music,location. AC was good being so crowded. The only and big disappointment was staff service (very poor). Blue frog is a pub which hosts events on regular intervals.Prices differs event to event. Entry charge 1500 for this event per person. Restaurant is costly which is again expected from the place because of the location and town crowd. One of the best thing about blue frog is ambience, very nice setup. Feels like a European movie hall. Balcony is the bar area, then the premium seating area and executive the dance floor space. 1. Food 4.5/5 Ordered oven roasted chicken in jerk marinade. The dish had four large pieces of chicken. Chicken was good and the gravy was also nice. The rice was super delicious, it had coconut pieces and the marinade (mixture of oil,spice) complimented it. There was a little kind of piri piri kind off sauce, which was made of coconut and tasted really nice. Had red bull which costed me 290. They have people selling same red bull and few snacks outside with lesser price, so one can opt for that option as well. 2. Value for money 5/5 The charges are high but the place has every right to charge with good offerings. A high end pub in lower parel will charge you as per their likings because of the reach and buyers. 3. Ambience 5/5 as described earlier ambience is the usp of place, very beautiful. 4. Staff service 1/5 very poor, staffs are rude, not interested, politeness no where in there gesture. I am talking about when the place was not filled in, earlier part of the evening. I paid my money in cash and the asked for the balance amount at least four times. I gave 100 rupees for bottle of water cost for it was 86 and did not get my balance asking twice, then I left. So you can imagine about the rush hour service.5. Location 5/5 walk-able distance from lower parel station. Located with all the food joints like todi mill social,chaayos,cafe zoe,etc. I will recommend blue frog for particular events as at the end of the day for me goa gill music was the key. He was the king of the night.
Rated Amazing place to go to if u r planning for a thrilling weekend night with yr buddies. The cover charges are only 500 bucks per head for stag entry. Dance floor is spacious with all the seating arrangements done all around it in circular boxes giving u good view of what is happening around. Moreover the bar area stretches the entire length of the club giving u ample of space to sit and stand. There is also a mini bar adjacent to dance floor. Crowd along with ambience is excellent. Cheese pizza is too crispy and a delight too eat when u r too high. Martini's along with some other drinks don't take much time while being served.
Rated Blue frog is the best place in Mumbai for live music performances. The quality of music here is in unparalleled. The food is expensive compared to the quality they provide. Go for the music and drinks more than the food.
Rated Located in mathuradas mill compound, this is best place in town where u can enjoy music & live performance with decent food, unique dining experience , food here lil costly, but worth it , it was life tym experience for me, i love to visit this place again
Rated Went here to watch Anand Reghu stand up comedy..... booked a table for 3 ..... pretty cool place for live bands, dj , stand up comedies... We ordered : - garlic pepper prawns - thai spiced chicken - lemon mustard fish - French fries Chicken dish is a must try as well cooked and tender enough to melt down... Prawns dish was also pretty good and cooked to perfection ..... Fish dish was the worst as fish was smelling ....... when asked to waiter ... he took the dish back immediately and brought nachos salad which we assumed was complimentary ... nachos salad were perfect ... best i have ever had in mumbai ..... Once the bill came , fish item was on the bill and when asked to server Ritesh, he said as u ordered fries and u also ate nachos salad ..... it is equivalent to the amount of 2 dishes .... Wonder why they gave impression of nachos was complimentary.... Guess blue frog needs to work on this aspect of stop assuming things and be clear in their communications ... Would have given a 4 rating all thanks to chicken, prawns , nachos salad .... but as they screwed at bill time .... deserves a 3 rating . Bill picture attached for reference Surely will visit this place again .... just that will order nachos salad and pay for it .... Happy dining
Rated They have a limited menu. Tibetian vegetable momos here are pretty good. We also had Burmese kaukswe, which was pretty decent but I can’t really compare as this was the first time I ever tried kaukswe. The service was very slow. The ambience is nice. Overall whether its food or service it’s pretty average nothing exceptional about it and specially when its situated in the same vicinity as few really good restaurants one should skip this one, There are better options around
Rated Just a quick review !!!! Busago was on my list fr a long time .... I was always intrigued by it simple menu, its focus on flavours and using freshest ingredients in preparations ! So for I quick meal I ordered a chicken spicy chilli noodles for delivery ..... To my surprise the wok tossed flat rice noodles were bland and tasteless ..... It had none the typical asian sweet sour spicy flavours !!!! Maybe just a hint of red chilli paste n soya at best ! What a let down !!! anandtiwari.in
Rated I like the stuff at Busago. Had been to their BKC outlet earlier and went here with the same impression but this one is bigger and better. The interiors are also done up quirkily, bright painted chairs gives it a lovely ambience. I'm a fan of their Gado Gado salad. Its a must try. Then we had the khowsuey which is one of their specials and rightly so. Service is quick too. Ideal for a quick lunch during office hours
Rated Was here on a weekday..maybe thats why the entire place was empty. I am sure it would completely different on a weekend. So we 4 were the only ones here and they started the music also after 20mins. Loved the simple yet quirky decor. Food was good too..especially the chicken Dimsums. Would definitely recommend but not on a weekday though...unless you want the whole place to yourself.
Rated While I've been to the Busagos elsewhere, this is the only one which has been my regular choice to order in due to its proximity to work and home. Their quality is consistent and Khao Suey being my ultimate comfort food, automatic brownie points for making such good Burmese. I absolutely love the fact that all the accompaniments come in little packets which can be added as per our own choice and liking. Their cambodian curry is great too. There's no difference between having this at home or at the restaurant. Just one grievance that they've increased their pricing for no reason. Otherwise, great stuff!
Rated Busago - FTW ! For the kind of pricing they offer, the food is killerThe beef bulgogi was fantastic and so were the khowsuey and the cambodian chicken curry Dont miss the nimbu nariyal paani if you do visit With the amount the mathuradas compound is abused with pubs, this seems like a great place to start or end the night
Rated This place, frankly, blew me away with the value for money it offers. The food is delicious and filling, and the ambience is relaxed and fun. The kaukswe is a great dish to share because of the customizability. The only thing preventing me from giving this a 5 is the fact that the lighting inside in the evening wasn't good, so my pictures didn't turn out great. I will return here the next time I come to Mumbai. A must visit.
Rated an excellent place to try some new asian flavours for a relaxed lunch at todi mills..d place has a cheerful ambiance with big windows and a cute lil decor..we tried d tibetan veg momo, the beautiful & damned and the best of it all Burmese Kaukswe Veg...The Khowsuey is one of the best I have ever tried.. they give u d ingredients and you are supposed to toss up a dish for yourself!!not just the shenanigans of making a dish but the flavours were really strong and authentic..d service is courteous...all in all it turned out to be a great experience..
Rated O: Cha You Beauty! The entrance would just not prepare you for the interiors. Its Grand, Plush and Snazzy. The High Ceiling, The unique bamboo lanterns and that huge mirror on the wall, the long bar, the buddha masks.. All of it would leave you bedazzled! Landed here on a Wednesday evening and it was packed for a weekday evening. Here's what we had and almost all of it left us delighted. Drinks: Lemon Grass Basil Martini- The Happy High. This lemon grass based vodka based drink made the alcoholic in me jump out of joy and that basil flavor provided the much needed edge to this fabulous drink. Orange and Kaffir Lime Caprioska- The tangy orangy taste against the bitterness of the Kaffir Lime and vodka was an absolute party starter. Kiwi and Honey Mojito- Gone are the days of the lemon and basi mojito.. Move on Baby. OC's take on a classic Mojito and its to absolutely die for. Stiff and Lipsmackingly Good. A Must Have. Food: Dim Sum- My Favorite food item. A good Dimsum has the super power of leaving you with the happiest feeling that exists on the face of the Earth. Shitake Mushroom Dumpling- Packed in a thin dimsum sheet is the flavorful filling of well seasoned shitake mushrooms and carrots that will almost make you fall in love with Veg food. Chicken and Prawns SuiMai- OMIGOD.. I was in Food Heaven. Juicy, melt in the mouth generous filling wrapped in a thin sheet and served with a spicy chilly sauce. I am salivating as I recall! Crispy Potato and Okra tossed in Black Pepper- My respect for Vegetarian food increased tremendously purely based on this dish. Crispy potato and crisp Okra, spiced with back pepper is delightfully soul satisfying. I coud go back only for this. Prawn Cake in Lemon Grass- Minced Prawn, spiced up to perfection stuck on a stick of lemongrass is so juicy that just cant stop at one. Served with a spicy chilly sauce, it made for an ideal accompaniment for drinks. Thai Pandana Leaf wrapped Chicken- Dont judge a book by its cover- It doesn't look very interesting but once you unwrap that leaf, the smells wafting from within would make you stomach grumble from hunger. One bite and you're in heaven. Its crispy on the outside, juicy and succulent on the inside. You cant stop at one! Nasi Goreng Rice- The Indonesian style rice, tossed in veggies is sticky and sweet and spicy- all at the same time and is a meal in itself. The crunch of the veggies against the softness of the rice is a mindblowingly gooood combination. Desserts: Banana Tempura with Honey Sesame and Coconut Ice Cream-Banana Fritters, topped with sesame seeds and served on a bed of coconut ice cream. Crunchy exterior and gooey interior, not overly sweet, the fritters are mouthwatering and combine that with Ice cream with a subtle flavor of Coconut.. Now that's the reason we all have a separate stomach for desserts. Chilli Chocolate Tart- I would have liked the tart to be a little more cooked but the chocolate spiced with a hint of chily made up for that. Its a better combination than it sounds. Chocolate and Chilly can actually be Good Friends. Opposites do Attract! A Flawless Climax to an Optimal Meal.
Rated a recently opened place in todi mill... its a pretty elegant and a beautiful deco place... you will fall in love with the ambiance in a quick glance only...with the dim lights and mirrors and paintings ... thumb's up ... coming to the food...the food is delicious veg and non veg as well... well portioned and well served as well... they have a great variety of cocktails..do try the orange candy it's pretty unique... the service is quick with a friendly staff... the bar is beautifully set up ... great food... price is totally worth it ... great dining :)
Rated It is a nice Resturant at mathuradas mill compound near Zaffran in Lower Parel.. It serves asian cuisine... Interiors are very nice and service was also good... They had a big screen to watch IPL t20... Also they had a special menu for ipl... We ordered veg tomyum soup which was spicy and nice ...in appetisers we ordered veg dimsum which was not nice.. Veg Hakka noodles was nice and veg gravy was also nice... Nice for 1 time visit...or if you like asian food...
Rated My oh my!! This place has some amazing interiors. We have already fallen in love with their ceiling lanterns. We recently visited this place which also happened to be a karaoke night. The place has some refreshing vibe which makes you feel really good. We wanted to try their new pan Asian menu so we went ahead and placed our order for dumplings, tofu, pandan wrapped chicken, Thai chicken and Cantonese pot rice. We would recommend all of these. The sriracha tofu was a special delight. The dips which they offer along with chicken, amazingly tingle on your taste buds. In dessert we loved the banana tempura with sesame and honey. Its basically fried banana topped with honey and sesame, served with coconut ice-cream. The chilly chocolate tart was also a delight. Overall Experience: Great. The evening was filled with food and amazing music. Would visit again soon to try their IPL special menu.
Rated Surprisingly it was not at all busy on a Sunday evening, which I was glad about because that gave me the freedom to speak freely with my friends and enjoy the ipl match ... For which they have a special ipl food and drinks menu. I tried their KKR special - chawla's manchurian which was nice. The dimsums were great. The Thai curry, kungpao curry was well made. The dessert was not as per my liking but my friends really enjoyed it. The staff was courteous and prompt. The overall was experience was good
Rated This review has been pending for a long time now. Just when it was opened, I visited O:h cha and was instantly blown away by the energy of the place. The techno interiors and ambience gave a nice peppy feeling. We ate a lot that day. Wanted to taste the best on offer, we really stuffed ourselves. We started off with some veggie dim-sums served with great sauces. Contrary to dim-sums otherwise, these ones were very tasty. The mix of select veggies was a dance in my mouth. We had a really tasty, but super spicy, glass noodle salad. The long yard bean sambal was decent. There was a very strong garlic flavour that was overpowering. But the choice of ingredients was good. We topped off our meal with Banana Tempura with Honey, Sesame & Coconut Ice Cream. Super Yum! Go there for a great night out in town. Good food. Good music. Energetic Place.
Rated Introductions are for people or a thing that you don’t know or haven’t met before but that isn’t the case for this famous thai restaurant. Authentic thai cuisine is something which is not found in many places here. There was a time when if you wanted to have authentic thai cuisine the only place that would come to your mind would be thai pavilion and a couple of more restaurants here there but things have changed since then and we have seen some new authentic thai restaurants coming to the city. ... Read full post on mytastetest.wordpress.com
Rated 3.75 /5 to be specific. We decided to head there on a Friday afternoon for lunch . Ambiance and service - lovely ambience. Loved it Food and drinks - Apple and cucumber Fizz - fresh apple, cucumber and apple juice with honey. The cucumber flavour was a little overpowering for us. Orange and Kaffir lime- Khaffir lime with mango chunks and organ cr juice . Very refreshing in taste as well as in the looks . This drink will surely help you beat the heat outside . Burnt garlic and basil soup - medium thick broth made with chicken and veggies . Very soothing to the palate and packed with flavours. Mushroom bruschetta - perfectly crisp base with a unique blend of toppings. Surely a good choice for the vegetarians. 3 style mushroom dumpling - steamed dumplings with 3 different styles of mushrooms. A great dish for all the mushroom lovers. Stir fried pepper turnip cake- never thought I would say this but yes I loved this dish. Never thought turnip cakes could taste soo delicious. Made in black pepper sauce, this dish is surely a dish one can just keep on eating. Grilled prawn cakes on lemon grass skewers - didn't enjoy it as much as the other dishes due to the smell of raw fish emitted by the prawns. Chicken balls in hakka style - this was something like any regular chicken balls. A good dish however not a great one. Another disappointing dish. Gai hor bai toey - Thai Pandan wrapped chicken with sriracha lemon chilli garlic sauce. Different flavours that came together very well in the dish. Chicken nasi goreng - star of the afternoon. Highly recommended. Thai red and green curry - very disappointing... After having tried the authentic curries in Thailand these were highly disappointing. Yaki udon noodles - another authentic dish which one surely has to develop a taste for . Not meant for everyone , but surely worth a try . Passion fruit pudding - nice sweet and tangy mix of flavours. Liked it. Chocolate chilli tart - yes u have read it right it's chocolate and chilli together. This is one of the recommended desserts of the menu . You can't go home without trying this out. Banana tempura with honey sesame and coconut ice cream - the banana tempura was just perfect and the coconut icecream added a refreshing and nice texture to the whole dessert. This is something different and highly recommended Overall we had a wonderful experience and will surely visit the place again.
Rated This place is brilliant! We organised an office social at oh cha. The first thing that strikes about this place is the service. Right from the beginning the staff was courteous and took good care of the guests. We loved everything that they served. Their prawns in chilli and black pepper were the best. Stir fried vegetables starters were nice and crisp. One should definitely also try the thai green curry with jasmine rice. I am biased towards noodles and their wheat hakka noodles were very well made and not oily at all. Can't talk about portions since we went on a corporate package but the quality of the food and the service was top notch!
Rated Visited Oh Cha a couple of weeks ago to try out their new Pan Asian menu. Things to try from this menu are - The soft melt in your mouth Siracha Tofu. Crispy okra and potatoes tossed in pepper. Swipe this dish clean inspite of it being vegetarian. Prawn Cakes with a sweet chilli sauce were quite nice too. The Thai Pandan wrapped crispy chicken was different & quite delicious. From main course, the prawns in Black Bean sauce were realllllly good and is a must try. The Chocolate Chilli Tart too was good. Only once you finish that first spoon do you get that hit of chilli.
Rated I have ordered burgers from here twice and have tried both their vegetarian and non veg burgers. The chicken coron bleu burger is undoubtedly one of their best. The burgers are very different from the other chains present throughout India and have far more resemblence to the Indian taste with the pickled onions and higher heat. But even though the taste is great, I was not blown away by their other burgers. And also, their fries are really bad. I will probably try to have a dine-in experience as well soon. Would definitely recommend everyone to have a try atleast once.
Rated It's a small cozy place located in a corner near Joey's pizza. It's blink and you miss it kinda thing. The place has a few tables (4-5) and it has a nice ambience. They play soft music and the lighting just takes you to another place. Although it's not very big, their menu will leave you spoilt for choice. The variety of food is really good and it tastes good too. The burgers are a bit messy to have and you definitely need 2 hands for it, but it's completely worth it. The fries are average. The Pizzas have good variety, as do the burgers. The best part is the sliders, where you can get 2 or 12! It's a good place to chill and have a nice quiet meal with a few people. They have a nice set of drinks too. FYI they have a burger challenge too!! You have to eat a 1.2 kg burger in 25 mins and you get it free with your pic on the wall. One of the few places in India to have such challenges.Average cost for 2 people approx Rs. 500-700
Rated This place looks like a tiny cafe but the array of burgers and pizzas it offers will astonish you. Ordered the fish and chips and the fish was exceptional. The chips were nice too. The barbeque chicken pizza was tasty though I felt that the generous amounts of barbeque sauce made it a tad bit sweet. The classic chicken burger was really nice, minced chicken patty, caramelised onions and cheese. Will visit here next for some more burgers.
Rated After lot of positive reviews on zomato i deicided to visit this place..this one is really small cafe located at Link rd junction nxt to very famous pizza joint..they have hardly 4 table sitting & interiors are nothing fansy...I ordered roast chicken burger with cheese and it was good..presentation was nice..chicken was juicy & patty was roasted properly..though i didnt like side potato wedges...if you consider overall taste of the burger then they do have some scope of improvment.
Rated Tried this place one afternoon with my frnd. It is a really tiny place with about 5 tables. This cafe wont offer u a great ambience but it covers up with its lip-smacking food. We ordered a pesto pasta, potato wedges and pair of mini burgers. ( They have miniburgers available in pair, half a dozen and a dozen). This gives us an opportunity to try a wide variety of burgers economically :). In our pair we ordered bbq chiken and crab mince. BBQ chicken slider was succulent and i liked the crab minced one too ( It is coming from a person who doesnt like eating seafood!). Pesto pasta great...wedges not so yum. Had a good chat with the owner who was warm and polite. In al it was an afternoon well spent.
Rated After being highly recommended we decided to give it a try. Located right next to a wine shop 😈 and very close to Joey's Pizza. Obviously they have tuff competition but they still stand out. Ambience is below average but that doesn't matter if the restaurants putting it's efforts in serving good food n service. Food - We called for Chicken Mushroom burger. It was huge! Thick minced chicken patty, mushroom slices n not too much Mayo. The burger was just perfect. Fish n chips - I'm always skeptical while ordering this. Not many restaurants serve good fish n chips. Cafe on the house is not one of them. The fish was deep fried Basa tasted good and fries were thin n crispy similar to what u get in MC'd along with Tartar sauce. It was worth spending our weekend evening at Cafe on the house. They also hVe challenges like if you manage to finish their HUGE burger which apparently weighs 1.5 kgs 😱 in 25mins you go on their wall of fame and the burger is on the house.
Rated He'd heard really good things about this place. The food is really good and it's really under appreciated for all that it has to offer! Had a good time here..
Rated Here is the latest update on my previous review dated June 2015 . Initially visited this hidden gem in May 2015, the menu was quite limited. Initially , they just had 4 (NV) burgers to choose from : *Cordon Bleu: The magnum opus of COTH. This is what a perfect stuffed burger should be. A Batter-fried chicken patty with an mozzarella cheesy centre filling. *BBQ Chicken: Shredded chicken in a slightly spicy BBQ sauce. *Bacon & Sausage: Recommended for pork lovers 🐷 *Classic Chicken Cheese Burger : Typical chicken patty with cheese, passable.🐣 It was in June that they initiated that WTF burger challenge. A massive multilayered burger with fries to be completed in 25 minutes flat. So far I guess only 6 people have just finished the burger let alone were successful win in the challenge. Since then, COTH has expanded its menu to include a wider range of burgers 🍔 (also introducing the stuffed burgers concept) as a wider range of pastas and pizzas. Since my last review, I have had the stuffed burgers and pastas . Usually most joints idea of a stuffed burger is to stuff it with cheese. COTH just tweaks that idea. The Burger has more meat stuffed in it. Would recommend the “Mushroom & Cheddar Cheese” and ” Honey Roasted Ham & Mozzarella” Burgers. The pasta 🍝 is another thing that is surprisingly good. Recommendations include: *Carbonara, * Bolognaise * Pink sauce The best drink in the house is the Safe Sex on the beach. The rest are passable. They have currently stopped the 15% discount on Citi Card holders due to lack of customers. However, they are planning to launch a new burger challenge in June in addition the existing challenge. Finish any burger in a record stipulated time, the burger will be free for you on your next visit onwards (T&C) – provided no one breaks your record.😎 Maintaining my rating of over 4/5 for this joint.
Rated Going to Cafe on the House is a big task as you have resist Joeys Pizza which is located right next to it. However, we were quite determined to visit this place as some good reviews were pouring in. Warning : People who plan to visit this place, be prepared to gain some extra calories. The Junk Food → 3/5 ■ Chicken Cordon Bleu - Recommended by Zomato, it is a good option. The filling was good (deep fried chicken patty) but i found their bread a bit over toasted. The Burger was complimented with potato wedges and they were simply amazing. ■ Sliders - We ordered two Mini Burgers, out of which i enjoyed Minced lamb Burger more. Filet-O-Fish was a little disappointing. Even here, the bread was an issue. ■ Lemon Coriander Pizza - This was easily the best pick of the day. It was thin crust with chicken chunks seasoned in Lemon. Though i am not a big fan of thin crust, the pizza here was absolutely amazing. ■ Mocktails - Grapefruit Mint Cooler was pretty okay. Frozen Margherita (Kiwi) was worth a try. Wanted to try their Prawns Burger (sounds delicious) but unfortunately they were out of stock. Ambience - 2/5 The place is really small with four tables. However, its not about the size, its how you maintain it. The exterior looked really messy. Unfortunately, their AC was located near our table and it was leaking. Please maintain your place better. Service - 3.5/5 No issues with their service. They were nice and courteous. They have a challenge where we have to complete their 'WTF' burger within 25 minutes. Its really humongous and needs a special appetite to complete it. If we are successful, it is free of cost otherwise be ready to shell out 800 bucks. For this challenge i will surely visit this place again with my friends. Its a good place to hangout. Still, they have to improve alot.
Rated This place has taken me by total surprise. I've ordered around thrice from here now. We have exhausted all the places around office and this is my current favorite. What we ordered: Quattro stagoni pizza: overloaded with all my favourite toppings. The 9inch is totally enough to fill up 2 people with maybe a side dish. Great quantity great taste. Nothing not to love about this. Barbeque chicken wings: Perfectly flavored chicken wings. I would have preferred it slightly more spicy but still they were totally delicious. Chicken burger: I don't remember the name but this one was recommended by zomato. Just another yummy dish. Came woth potato wedges and what I really liked was it wasn't dry at all. Filled with sauces I was left wanting more. Overall , yes totally gonna order again. Also whoever takes the order over the phone is really nice. I've never visited the place but the delivery is always on time. And the food is totally worth the price. Must try!
Rated My fellow foodies.... In this hot summer afternoon, i had no where else to be at nariman point but this wonderful restaurant SPESSO. The ambience is so welcoming. They have this open kitchen thing that totally makes you go "oooohhhh" The pizzas and pastas were one heck of taste bud lovers. They have some good coolers and mocktails to soothe your thirst. What we mainly were attracted by was their yummy to core desserts. The hazelnut chocolate pot and the chocolate sand were heavenly. Took no time to get done and over with. The service was pretty decent too. Also do not forget to carry your college i cards for you will get lucky and get 15% dicount buddies. And if at all in the end you're totally loaded...you can always walk it out at nariman just a lane away. 😄😃😋
Rated You want to have a good vegetarian Italian meal? Go here. They serve the best. Do try the starter platter, its a good mix . and a really huge variety for jain as well
Rated Amazing plc and amazing food ... Go wid ur frnds or family u will enjoy amazing food... They cook amazing pastta and you should try red valvet pasty ova thr ..and amazing set of desserts ...👍
Rated An extremely nice restaurant at Nariman Point. Looking it from outside we thought that it is an ordinary restaurant with exotic name. But when we entered the place, found it altogether different than expected. It has got nice interiors and spacious seating arrangement. The food is good here, especially the pasta. One of the things you must not miss is the desserts here. They have a library of desserts, there are so many varieties that you cannot go out without having one. Service is good here, people are very attentive, cooperative and courteous. They take utmost care to make you comfortable. They helped us in choosing the pasta as well. Parking could be an issue here, i am not sure if they have valet parking.
Rated This restaurant was in my wishlist for long time and we decided to give it a try on very special occasion. Even on a weekday made prior booking as i was in no mood to encounter any fiasco. I had gone thru many reviews and as per many recommendations we ordered variety of starters from bruchetta, garlic bread to seven layered mexican shots and cheese cigars and believe me those starters looked beautiful and tasted even better. Mexican pizza which we tried in main course was spicy but very tasty. Mexican rice in chipotle sauce was another main course which we ordered, it was good in taste but the chipotle sauce tasted somewhat similar to makhni gravy. Mocktails were good and liked the combinations as well. Prices although are to the higher side but the place in worth giving a try for vegitairians.
Rated Situated at Nariman Point, this place serves one of the best pasta I have had. We orderedMoroccan Chermoula Grill and Assorted Bruchettas for starters. The bruchettas had a lovely topping of tomato, olives, bell peppers and zucchini. The dish was light on your palette and refreshing. The Mexican Chermoula Grill was greeted with mix reviews. On one hand, me and my friend we both agreed that the paneer was super soft and super fresh - something which is mandatory in a paneer dish else it becomes a turn off. But, I personally didn't get the Moroccan spices and I felt it needed more seasoning. But, the star of the afternoon was their Pasta Arrabiatta. 2 slices of crispy, buttery garlic bread to accompany it, the pasta sauce was to die for. Perfectly balanced between the tanginess of the tomato and sweetness from the added sugar, it left a desirable after taste in your mouth. Do try Spesso for their pasta and beautiful ambiance!
Rated Ambience is good. Staff is friendly. Good variety of food as well as mocktails being offered. Loved the quesilladas, 7 layer Mexican shots and chocolate pot. Must visit place for all Italian Mexican food lovers.
Rated Never knew that so many cuisines can be presented in a quirky manner with pure vegetarian ingredients!The place is beautiful and one of the best mexican food i have tried!The strawberry margarita was very juicy n just added to the flavour of the food.Its not even that expensive if you compare with the quantity cause its quite good and has a huge variety of cuisines n dishes.I also had the Veg Lasagna n Mexican shots n it was yummy.In all a nice place to chill with family n friends .So if you had a long dat just come down here n loose yourself in some amazing delicacies!
Rated 587 reviews as i write mine, tells you a lot about this place which has been visited by patrons from every corner of the city. Saturday late afternoon and people are moving out after satisfying their palates, that's when we step in to satiate our hunger. After being led to our table, we quickly ordered mocktails, mock sangria and tall summer sipper along with kung pao cottage cheese. The sangria had a grape juice base and equal taste of apple and orange juices, tasted quite refreshing after all the travel. The tall summer sipper, a twisted version of mojito, coz with the usual lime n mint combo, there was a hint of raw mango n green apple syrup. The taste was very similar but it had an wow factor. The cottage cheese was the best dish of the meal. The spicy-sweet sauce which was added in the right proportion tingled our taste buds. Quantity was sufficient for two and every bite was thoroughly enjoyed, still feel the taste as i write this review. For the main course we ordered lasagna al forno. I don't have prior experience was having a lasangna, so i cannot comment regarding the authenticity and the taste compared to original. The one we had was good enough to be devoured, tastes best when hot and the oregano seasoning adds a much required flavour to the dish. Service was quick and the staff were attentive to our requirements. Go there with as many people as you can, coz they have a variety of dishes and hopefully all of them are lip smackingly good.
Rated It's. Been a while since I've written a review mainly because, i haven't been going out much. So after nearly a year of trying to find the time for this highly recommended place I finally got around to it. First and foremost if you do have a valet service available (that too chargeable which I don't mind looking at the crowded locality it is in) at least have someone standing there.I waited for a min no one showed up so I had to move because I was blocking the traffic I finally had to park inside palladium. Coming to the restaurant the ambiance and decor is pretty decent no complaints there.To start off I had to try the kalakhatta mojito and being someone who isn't a fan of mojito I enjoyed every sip of my drink, we obviously had to order the pav bhaji fondue Coz it was recommended by everyone who's been here and now I know why. It was probably the highlight of my meal. I was however disappointed by the main course where on the captains recommendation we tried the tawa khada Masala which was pretty basic, It was like any other Vegetarian dish at any regular restaurant don't have any complaints about the taste but It wasn't up to the spice Klub standards I suppose. Although the chilli cheese garlic naan is something I would strongly recommend any one who is reading this. On to the dessert, a strong recommendation from a friend had to try the flower pot! And that thing was out of this world, be it the Pot and the spoons itself made up of delicious creamy chocolate or the ras malai inside it was really good.! Also I loved the fact that they gave 2 chocolate spoons 1 made up of dark chocolate and the other with milk chocolate. All in all a pretty good experience although there is a lot more I want to try on the menu which I couldn't this time so I'm definitely visiting this place again. Food: 4/5 Ambience: 3.5/5 Service: 4/5 Value for money: 3/5
Rated If you got your pockets full and you've decided to have North Indian fine dine, this place is for you. One of the best place I've visited till date. Staff were so helpful, yeah obviously because of this place's reputation we had to wait for an hour but it was worth waiting. Ordered nannza, cheese roomali papad and pav-bhaji fondue from appetizers which were mouth-watering. Loved the food.❤ Ratings- Food 5/5 Ambiance 5/5 Value for money 4.5/5 **A MUST VISIT PLACE** Am I going to visit again? Yes, I will! Thumbs up.❤
Rated Innovative food and really really tasty stuff is what you'll find here. It's a little heavy on the pocket ofcourse, but you get amazing food here. Pav Bhaji fondue is my favourite. Also the appetiser called naanza is delicious. Dessert is always the soap cake, which literally melts in the mouth!! Must visit for an awesome experience.
Rated An OMG place. They have just transformed your whole eating experience and made it completely extra ordinary. Loved each an every bit of this place, I guess the only drawback would be the waiting, really really really long waiting. I waited for nearly two hours. But other than that PERFECT PLACE. PERFECT FOOD
Rated SpiceKlub is a pure veg joint located just opposite phoenix mills. It certainly seems to have put its foothold in the culinary circles as the manager claimed to have reservations made weeks in advance. It took about 2 hours to get a table here which added more to the curiosity of the cuisine served . Tried the nanzaa , papads of India,panipuri, galaouti kabab, vada pav,mango on the rocks, masala mojito, pan mousse and rasgulla cheescake. Nanzaa is a indianised version of the pizza. The galaouti kabab was true to its repute and matched in taste to its non veg counterpart. A special mention has to be made of the deconstructed vada pav which was a unique experience in itself.The testube panipuri was fun but it was more abt the presentation rather than taste. Papads of india was an assortment of regional papads to munch along with the food. Mango on the rocks was averagish and so was masala mojito which resembles panipuri water in ice. Pan mousse and rasgulla cheescake were excellent and a must have at this joint. Spice klub excels in the presentation and westernization of normal indian delicacies and that is its usp.
Rated Loved spice klub. Being a vegetarian I love going to pure veg places that serve food with a twist since you get such a vast menu to choose from 😍 The naanza was the amazing .Tried the pav bhaji fondue which was a bit different so worth a try..For dessert we had the soap one which was very tasty.Although I saw the kulfi dessert on Instagram it looked interesting too 😝
Rated Good presentation of food. Ambience 7/10. You find mumbai food served in a royal way - panipuri's pani is served in test tubes and emali ka paani in injection and pav bhaji is depict in fondues. Pav-vada is always served in a very different way. Its quite expensive. Must try bubbling khulfi ,it's something unique served with 4-5 dips. Khulfi is -5°. Over all 4/5. Group meals is a better option. Valet available.
Rated Touted as "the place" to go for the vegetarians, we decided to pay this place a visit along with the family. Being a weekend, we were given a waiting time of one hour. We were tempted to go to Riso / Ithaca during this time but decided to stick with our initial choice. We were seated in a booth after an hour and were instantly given the menus. Paani Puri is recommended in a lot of reviews and we decided to order it. Needless to describe the presentation since the place is known for the molecular gastronomy concept and the decoration of their dishes. My mother loved the paani puri primarily because of the rich flavor of phudina present in the paani. I liked it too, although I mixed quite a bit of sweet chutney to it. We also ordered Paneer Lapeta, Vegetable and Beetroot Spheres, Nannza, Pav Bhaji Fondue. Nannza was probably the best dish out of all of them and is strongly recommended. The fondue was good too although a bit cheesy in it's flavor. For desserts, we ordered Pan Mousse. They bring a pan in which we pour liquid over the pans and there's a lot of smoke without fire (pun intended). We were to eat it after a minute and we did. Again, pretty average for a dessert. Have had much much better desserts elsewhere. Coming to the management, I think they can do much much better in this section. The staff is warm and friendly advising how to consume dishes one after another, but takes a lot of time to serve the dishes. We ordered two dishes together and the second dish came after 20 mins of finishing the first dish. On multiple occasions the waiter seemed to forget the order and kept going back to the kitchen. I would say I was pretty disappointed by the whole experience since most of the people said the place is a heaven for vegetarians. I believe the place is extremely good for photography (what with all their fancy presentations and garnishing), but just about at par with any average restaurant in terms of taste and experience.
Rated My experience here was so amazing that I went here back to back twice and I'm looking forward to visiting it again. We tried a lot of dishes and particularly liked the innovative attitude towards the traditional Indian dishes. The kadhi soup was thick and delicious amd was accompanied by crunchy fried mini bhajiyas on the side. The papads of India had a delectable spread of crispies. However, some of these were way too spicy and got me all teary eyed very soon. The mini golas were good and the rose Syrup dip was the best. For appetizers, we ordered the following: pav bhai fondue - a welcome change in the traditional pav bhaji it was a thick and cheesy fondue with an Indian twist deconstructed vada pav -this was perhaps the star appetizer, especially because off the dry red chutneys in edible plastic packets. Yes u read that right, edible plastic! nanzza - as the name suggests, it was a pizza with the base of an Indian man. The generous dose of cheese makes you want just more dahi ke Kebab - Curd patties with Mint Curd spherification. They just melt in the mouth and the small Curd spheres burst to release the creaminess of Curd and the freshness of mint. All the four dishes were spectacular and are a must try. For the main course, we ordered the amritsari vadi which was too spicy again and I couldn't enjoy it much. We'd also had the day makhani and it was delicious with butter oozing out in every morsel. For the desserts, we had the flower pot - everything except the plate is edible. The spoons have caramel filling, the pot itself is made of chocolate and has a sweet mousse filling below all the chocolate soil. The bubbling kulfi - it was simply mind blowing. It was served in an open flask with kulfi crumbles right above liquid nitrogen and was accompanied by caramel, chocolate, blueberry and rabdi Sauce as well as Raspberry caviar. This dessert was an entire carnival in itself. Rasgulla Cheesecake - it was colorful and tasted as good as it looked. And besides, rasgulla and cheesecake are just the two right things that can never go wrong when combined! Ambience: 3.5/5 Service: 4.5/5 Food: 4.5/5 Price: 4/5
Rated I have been far from a regular Veg eater. When my friends brought me to SpiceKlub I wasnt convinced on why they want to mentally piss me off. The restaurant is not tough to miss. Bang opposite phoenix, the logo almost resembles an operating system logo :P The interiors are delicate, calming. The food is where everything about my perception changed. The deconstructed theme is brilliant ! The Kokam Caviar sweet and spicy juice , The Wada pav with wada moose and chutney in plastic like edible starch covering , The Liquid Nitrogen poured over Meetha Paan, The Paav Bhaaji fondue ! ; everything was bloody amazing. This is a MUST TRY for everyone. The first veg restaurant I really admire.
Rated Located in the Phoenix Mills parking lot, BBC has a mixed fare for food options, from very Indian dishes to pizza to English dishes. We tried three things, The veggie pizza which was pretty good, the chicken cigar rolls, which were pretty much mozzarella cheese+herbs+ chicken fried, and white owl beer. We'd recommend the pizza!
Rated I love the ambiance of the British Brewing Company, the techno savy Menu, the beer barrels is quite attractive. Had been there on a lazy Saturday afternoon after a movie. The place is lively with good music and crowd. The view from this place is good. We had ordered the 'Sex on the beach' cocktail and Chicken tikka pizza. The quantity is good to serve two people and the quality was good. The service was good and the staff was friendly.
Rated Just to escape from the heat outside, we entered this cool place. That's the decision we are never going to regret. This place is big and comfortable, with friendly staff. We ordered garlic bread, bruchetta, wild forest pizza, etc. Everything was awesome, will surely visit this place again.
Rated Had gone on a monday afternoon with office colluegues...opted for a fixed menu @490 plus taxes...one soup..one salad...n one main course...quantity is good for one person and the presentation of food... quality of food...flavours of food is just excellent... also ordered Tiramisu which was yummy too... Overall great deal and satisfying... happy stomach... happy me...
Rated High ceilings, intricate interiors, grunge look, good beer, perfect ambience for a lazy lunch. But the food isn't something you'll wanna visit them for. To add to that, the service on the day we visited this place, was a complete disappointment. We were being attended by someone who didn't usually take care of the 'orders' and he happened to bungle up most things. What's nice about the place though is the fact that you can opt for a fixed set menu (if you are a light eater) or for a la carte. Its also fancy - they give you these ipads to place your orders but you gotta have patience to order on it. None of the items we ordered were anything we'd rave about. But the quantity of the food is totally noteworthy - one main dish should suffice for a person with a medium to heavy appetite. Overall, a chiller place to hang with friends on a friday night post work and order some finger foods.
Rated Great beer. Slightly overpriced. True to the name, a very British setting- intricate interiors and high ceilings. Along with Irish house, the best place to chill in palladium mall.
Rated This place situated in Palladium lower Parel got a really nice view of the mall. It is a 2story place with a lively ambiance with a center bar and an adjacent smoking room. This place brewers it's own beers and sells them, alongside other local and imported beers. So they don't have menus but these pads with their app on it with the entire menu from where you can order from. Very convenient! So we went on a Thursday evening.. And got the last table available there.. Lucky us.! We started of with brewed beers (I had the apple cider beer) and fish fingers with tarter sauce as starters which wer made with fresh basa fish and fried to perfection. We then had bangers with spiced potatoe mash.. It's a dish consisting of 3 different sausages, delicious silky mash and veggies tossed with chopped garlic in olive oil! Very fresh, very tasty.. Simple ingredients delicious dish.(definitely a must try) Lastly we had the buffalo steak.. Which was juicy and perfectly cooked with veggies on the side. Its got a good vibe goin with its f&b staff headed by the manager Mr. Yohanne Adil Mistry giving excellent spot on service! Ambiance : 3.5/5 Taste wise: 4.5/5 Service: - 5/5
Rated Visited BBC last night with a group of friends. The decor and ambiance of the place is really nice and gives you the feel of sitting in a British pub! A really nice selection of music as well with a mix of music from the '70s and '80s. Another positive feature is their hi-tech method of taking orders. Orders are placed on a tab which lists out an extensive menu. The food took a little longer to arrive than we would have liked, but tasted good. Portions were of a decent size and I would recommend the All-Meat Fiesta Pizza. Also had a Lamb Sizzler which could have done with a touch more gravy I believe (just to cater to Indian sensibilities). Prices are competitive given that this outlet is located at High Street Phoenix. Overall a good experience and I hope to visit again in the near future!
Rated Located on Level 4 at The Palladium, Ambience is alright types, nothing extraordinary , a notch lower than the Goregaon one. The ordering activity is a nice experience, through a Tab, they come to your table to confirm the order after you order via the tab. However, does not alwyas work to perfection Veg platter is alright, Service is just about okayish. One will have to keep calling for someone to get things. The Doolleganger draught beer is nice, Nice place to just Chill after work, have a drink I will however prefer the Goregaon one which has a more of Sports bar kind of ambience, the place is more buzzing, the expanse of the restaurant is much better there.
Rated One of the best places for a casual drinking plans. Great spirits and amazing food. Hardly anything negative about it. The nachos were quite bland and so were the potato wedges. The pizza was really out of this world. They have amazing spread of food and drinks especially spirits. The cocktails were good. We tried cosmopolitan and it was great. The place is huge and the crowd is great. The tables are well spread for Mumbai standards. Definitely try it. U will return.
Rated I am very good at catching vibes and this place had something! The feel in the air was something different. Colaba has very much English influence in its layout, architecture and everything. This place also speaks of the old time and also the atrocity that it faced in 2008. Now comes the food- its pretty decent- You can easily go for Italian. We didn't like the chili potato much. But the chocolate brownie managed to win our hearts like anything. If you want to sit at a calm place, then this one is not for you, because its always filled with crowd. And you will also have to stand in queue for washroom during peak hours(giggle). This one is perfect for a break while you shop at colaba. arunsingh2016.wordpress.com
Rated My go to place whenever i'm in Colaba. Specially after a tiring session of shopping who doesn't enjoy some food and beer!! Quick service and real good food. The ambience is interesting plus you get the feel of being at a legendary place.
Rated There are times when you you don't know it but you Land up at just the perfect place. Saturday night in Mumbai can be real hustle to get place to stand let alone a table ! Leopold's wasn't our first option but out of some really good luck we walked right in ! Didn't have to wait a minute ! Walked straight up and on to a table. The place which I've been to ample number of times has rarely ever disappointed and I was glad it didn't today either. Had to prove to a couple of friends from out of Mumbai why this is one of Our cities legendary place ! The ambience is lovely. Some really good stickers and posters on the wall and really good music to go along with your evening. And off course we didn't go to Leopold's to eat food. It's always been the place to go to enjoy the beer tower ! Beer served in a tower just makes it more interesting :D . Enjoyed a few beer towers along with the salted peanuts and the cheesling ( both complimentary :D). I couldn't resist myself and had to order the Buffalo burger. I wasn't sure how hungry I was until I had my first bite and didn't even realise that it took me less than 5 mins to finish it off. The thing with a good burger is that you cherrish every bite you take and it surely made me do that. I've always loved going to this place and will surely be going there soon enough ! :D
Rated Last week we were in bombay for some official tour and on the last night of our stay we went to roam the southern part of mumbai and what best place you will go other then the most famous The Leopold cafe. I have been there so many times when i was living in Bombay, to recall our memories. Whenever you go there so much crowd and you always have to write your name in the waiting list. By this people can be able to know how favourite this place is. We ordered veg tofu and chicken with draught beer. Service is as always as fantastic and we spent quality time after a long time. Its always a must visit place in south Mumbai.
Rated Ambience: Leopold Café is more than just a cafe or restaurant or restobar. It is the legacy of Mumbai. Located on a busy Colaba Street famous for Street shopping, it is always crowded. South Bombay is famous for its architecture, for its culture and thus has a regal feel to it. Leopold Cafe also signifies all of these. Interestingly, the place has no music and they have retained the ambience from years to keep the classic feel to it. You feel happy here as it has a lotta positive vibes. Coming to the drinks: I strongly recommended their draft beer. You may opt for beer by the glass, by the pitcher (that serves atleast 4 beer mugs) or even their Beer Tower - recommended for large groups that serves 8-10 glasses. Food: We ordered Tandoori Chicken - which I felt was a bit dry to taste unlike the juicy expectation. Wasn't very happy with it but then again this isn't a formal dining place so I wouldn't complain much. We also ordered for their famous Chicken fried rice - amazing preparation with the right amount of salt and chunks of chicken. Even the chicken gravy served with it was nice, however again, I've had better. Hospitality: The staff here is very friendly so that's a huge plus point. Friendly environment, cheerful places, very cool. Vfm: very well priced so very good value for money indeed. Overall a great experience with my best friends Santosh Bangar Sneha Kolambkar B Positive Vibhor Tikiya divyatikiya.wordpress.com
Rated One of the most famous landmarks of mumbai ! Oldest cafes of mumbai ! Very nice place & Gud ambience! Went with my frnz to hv beer .. It ws really a nice experience! I luved the vintage look it has .. Must visit recommended.
Rated I have heard of this place a lot before. The terrorist activity and the bullet marks have certainly increased the hype about this place. This place is located at Colaba, famous for its ethnicity and traditional cuisine. I can't remember where in Earth I had so delicious Dry Chilli chicken. Chinese or Mughlai Cuisine with their famous drought tower are must have in this place. Will surely revisit :)
Rated Below average expirence as I visited this place to have couple of chilled beers. It was a @hot summer evening and place was over crowded even in non a.c area. The beer bottle wasn't that chilled and once they opened it niether they kept it in the fridge nor did they have a ice bucket where I can keep my bottle. I ended up having my bottle almost like a room temperature. Food wasn't that grt too.
Rated The terrorist activity and the (in)famous bullet marks have certainly increased the hype about this place. Ambience is good. Service is prompt too. The fact that it's always buzzing with activity makes it a good place to hang out. Food is decent - sufficient quantity for the price they charge. However, their hot apple pie was worth a try.
Rated First time n best time..Liked the food as it was awesome and tasty.. had a drink called Electric lemonade which was soothing and cool..caramel custard is wat I loved d most...yummylicious
Rated one of the gems of mumbai to have authentic mughlai food..can try pretty much anything (that should sum up all what I have to say)..in rotis especially try the khasta roti and tawa paratha..simply superb..
Rated 13th February, 2016 Summary: Another legendary institution in South Mumbai, managed by the Mansuri family. Die hards swear by its mutton dum biryani, kababs & Dal Makhani. I can vouch totally for the Daal plus it's Gajar Halwa. Reasonable pricing, in fact lesser than some of the Chembur restaurants & hence more value for us Chemburities. This review & rating while still a honest effort on my own, I must state for readers the restaurant had invited me through Zomato marketing team with a complimentary voucher worth xxx. Saturday lunch with my boys, we UBER to Causeway by 1250. Delhi Darbar is a red bricked restaurant standing in the busy Main Street since 1973. We are ushered in by the manager himself as I had reserved a table confirming use of their letter through Zomato. It has a floor level above, we seat into the lower ground level. It's already crowded. Low ceiling, dim lighting. Few paintings on the walls. A few Bohri Muslim elders tucking heartily at their murg tikkas beside our table while on the opposite end done Angrezi ladies having Naan with curries. I am recommended to try their Murg Tangdi while my boys have the standard Paneer Tikka. The Tangdi (8.5/10) is 2 big pieces of meat well tandoored and not too much colouring or masala. The onion slivers marinated in vinegar is excellent with the spicy dark coriander chutney. Add some lemon juice I suggest. The boys think the paneer tikka (8.5/10) is ok, my younger son our expert on paneer feels it can be more softer. We have Veg Makhanwala (8/10) & Dal Makhni (9.5/10) with rotis & roomali. My elder son goes for the Veg biryani (8/10), Nicely flavoured rice with heaps of masala gravy mixed within the bottom layers. The raita (8.5/10) is very thick & refreshing, so much he asks for another serving. The Daal Makhni I must say is outstanding, as good as the one in ITC Peshawri. Creamy, smooth, gingery & buttery. The veg subzi has good amount of cashews & carrots. I felt it can have more gravy and needed a garlic zing. We end up with Gajar Ka Halwa (9.5/10), melt in the mouth with generous use of ghee, khoya ( don't think they cheat here using condensed milk) & dry fruits. Even junior who hates Mithai had a spoon hearing our Aahs & Oohs. We finish just before two pm, the restaurant now has a wait list outside the door. So much for the traditionalists. I have rated it 3.5/5, nothing wrong with it but other than the dal & Mithai DD is another good standard Mughlai eatery for us all. And a big thank you to Zomato marketing & the Mansuri family for the invite with a complimentary meal value amount. Shukriya ...now where the hell is our UBER !!!!
Rated Located in the busy and lively lanes of Colaba, this is a must-try for anyone who visits the area or nearby. Having its presence in Mumbai as well in the hearts of foodies, this restaurant specializes in Mughlai and North Indian cuisine. Easy to locate , after reaching we found it to be too crowded and were asked to wait outside. Almost after half an hour, we were taken inside and seated on the 1st floor of the restaurant. It was jam-packed in a weekday evening. We did not mind waiting for what we got served afterwards. We ordered their signature dishes like Chicken Dum Biryani and Butter Chicken along with other items to go with it. The Biryani was nice cooked and was less oily, mildly spiced and chicken pieces were soft and tender. One of the best Biryanis I have ever tasted in my life. Coming to Butter Chicken, that's like heavenly experience of juicy tender chicken getting melted in your mouth. The service was fast and the staff was courteous. The rates are quite reasonable given the quality, taste and quantity of the food. I am not a native of Mumbai, but if given a chance will again visit just to have another round of Biryani and Butter Chicken. Ever since my 1st visit, have been recommending all my friends and relatives to try this place at least once.
Rated Amazing experience... had their dabba gosht... so yumm... in fact, it was suggested by the manager there as we wanted boneless mutton. This dish is a combination of soft boneless mutton and egg... we had tandoor roti along with this curry. On desserts, we ordered gajar ka halwa... was served hot. Liked this one as well...
Rated yummilicious..... yes thts the word for the food served at this place.. we started with a delicious Chicken manchaw soup.. followed with Chicken tikka masala... the quality and the freshness of chicken can be felt by the touch of it...so soft and fresh...and rumali roti was so soft ...it just melts in your mouth.....guys dnt miss the Biryani here... yes the claim which this people make abt mumbai's best biryani is really true... ur meal is incomplete with having Delhi Darbar Biryani...HIGHLY Recommended...
Rated This place is just amazing! The food is too good! One must try mutton amd chicken biryani. The lamb is very soft and well cooked! The service is fast and ambience is also good! Recommended
Rated Meh! The outlet has such an imposing structure but as soon as you walk in, the interiors are just very sad. They have two separate parts and I believe only one of them seems decent enough. I wish they'd revamp the interiors. The food is good though, no doubt about that; the softest lamb I have ever had! We had the salli boti and like I said, it was delicious. We also ordered the bheja fry and chicken tikka masala. I have never been a fan of bheja fry and their dish didn't change that either. The chicken was good but damn, 4-5 tiny pieces of chicken in a kadai of gravy? C'mon man. The quantity is disappointing. Can't say I would choose to go back a second time.
Rated A very hyped place I would say at the least. Delhi Darbar is located near Regal cinema in Colaba. Large space, well built and good interiors. The menu also looked good and well covered in terms of mughlai dishes. We ordered a lot of stuff including kebabs, main course, biryani and desserts but the quantity was below expectations. Taste was decent but not at all close to what one gets in Delhi. Biryani, which they pride, was certainly the stand out. The only problem which was disturbing and irritating at the same time was the attitude of their servers. They were blunt and argued over a certain order. I urge their management to take care of that. Overall it was a satisfactory experience. Ambiance: 3.5/5 Food: 4/5 Service: 2.5/5
Rated The food is fantastic. The Mutton Biriyani is succulent and very tasty. The service was also good. The quantity for the Tandoori platter was too little, not good value for money on that one, but overall great food.
Rated My absolute favourite, love the pizza out here, the taste is still the same from years, the best is the Bombay masala pizza, also love the garlic bread with cheese. Has a great location overlooking the queens necklace.
Rated It was Saturday evening when we reached this place and luckily easily got a table for 6. I loved the original place - Jazz by the bay but that was more of a night place whereas this is great anytime. Ambience: 5/5 The décor and setup is very European with glass walls such that your seating is overlooking the sea. The natural light Nd open view add to the charm of sitting in South Mumbai. The indoor is also nice with fine dining and a much more formal setup alongwith the bar. Food n Drinks: 1. Veg Supremo and Super Supreme - half and half pizza: one of the best pizzas I've had for sure. Since we were 2 Vegetarians and 2 non vegetarians, we preferred half n half. The veg side had almost all kinds of toppings - olives, tomato, jalepeno, corn and so much cheese!! Every bite was heavenly and so very filling! Even the super supreme had a variety of chicken as well as pork topping. And once again the topping looked so heavy, it was falling off from the thin crust. For the first time I would say for a pizza - Dil se banaya tha! 2. We then ordered for white sauce spaghetti pasta with crunchy garlic bread on the side: This was soooo creamy, hot and awesome. The quantity was small I thought, or maybe because everyone hogged onto it. The spaghetti was well cooked, cream sauce was also delicious and not at all bland. 3. No, we were not done with this. Our final order was their paneer pizza: again, thin crust pizza with topping of chunks of panner, mushroom and jalepeno. Very heavy topping, no kanjoosi here. Well, for the amount they charge they can't afford to act cheap. 4. Drinks: Two of us opted for their famous detox drinks : orange flavor and beetroot flavor. They were very refreshing, very attractive, very healthy and very tasty. We also tasted their Long island Iced Tea - brilliant. I only tasted so can't comment further than that. Overall it was definitely an awesome experience. Yes, the price is very high but the quantity and quality makes it worth while. You can be sure that food will be good so paying a price for this certainty is fine with me. Sneha Kolambkar B Positive Santosh Bangar Vibhor Tikiya divyatikiya.wordpress.com
Rated Just around the corner of Marine Drive. A place getting iconic by itself with time. A place where you would rush to catch a seat in the open section as it is the one place where from you can either sit alone or with your near & dear ones and keep looking at the queens necklace all through and the cool breeze passing by. Now coming to the food their Bombay Masala is famous and yes why not they have maintained the taste and quality all through. Had order with a chicken topping on it and loved it as pizza was crispy and the chicken well cooked. The base of the sauce had the flavors coming out well. The next in order was the cheese garlic bread. It is different from the rest and yumm to its best. It's layers of cheese pushed inside the bread and baked to perfection. You can't stop with a bite and can't order more than one as it is filing by itself. The smoked tomato basil soup is another favorite dish of mine right from the days of the its erstwhile brand talk of the town why as it always reminds me of the same flavors. The taste of basil and herbs comes out very well. A soup which i relish and don't get any where else. Service top notch right from the valet to the manger to the service team. Hats of to each one of them. I am surely going back again, actually wait a moment I always have kept going and would not change on that. PS - do try their lunch buffet it's awesome with a big spread to choose from on soup salad sandwich and off course dessert
Rated Alphonso mango shake & the sundried tomato & chicken pizza is to die for. Awesome location & Awesome food. A must try place ......loved it.
Rated Loved this one! One of my favourites in Mumbai now. Heard good things and they were all true when I visited. I paid them 2 consequtive visits on my trip to Mumbai. Melon Martini sounded so yum and it was! Do try the Bombay Masala on the pizza menu. Tiramisu was by far the best I had till date. Just a bit disappointed with the ambience otherwise it goes for a 5.
Rated Formerly known as Pizzeria or Jazz by the bay. This pizza joint gives amazing thin crust pizzas! Though I miss Jazz by the bay being a big fan of live music, this place feels the same. Very blissful as light breeze blows from the marine drive.
Rated We've tried the Bombay Masala Pizza and in no way found it spectacular. Definitely not worth the listing on the Gourmet pizza collection but then to each his own!! The service is decent. The place is excruciatingly expensive given its location and the view is breathtaking! Ideal for a date for two! thefoodauror.blogspot.com
Rated Initially this place was called Jazz by the bay, and over the years it changed to pizza by the bay. I used to go here a lot in my childhood and went here after really long to relive some of those memories. This place is done up well(much better than what it was before.) They have inside and outside seating. If it's post evening time you must sit outside, it gives you a very different feeling. Also you get a spectacular view of Marine Drive! They staff and service here are decent but the food is good but not as good as before. I ordered for their famous Bombay Masala pizza( my all time favourite) and for jalapeño cheese poppers. Both were good and I enjoyed my visit here after a long time. Hopefully should visit soon!
Rated A happy and satisfied customer after repeatedly ordering their Fish/Chicken/Green Curry/Basil sauce woks. Even the medium portion is sufficient for a foodie like me and the food is served hot and tasty. 250 bucks for it might be a little costly but you will be left happy and contented after eating.
Rated The wok here is really hyped up. I tried the Chicken Basil pao and a chicken wok with Kung pao sauce. The sauce was very strong and overpowering. The bao was too sweet and the caramalised onions just made it sweeter. There was no balance of flavours in any of the dishes.
Rated A perfect place when u want to have a meal,they have Thai,Chinese pricing is a little on a higher side if u compare to other fast food outlets offering wok's. I tried their green Thai which was marvellous ,the crispy ginger was good and the filing of chicken in both was adequet! The magic pepper sauce was was spicy as mentioned but I fell it was overly spiced than only tasty!!! Bubble teas are nice and taste well. The box has lids but for my convenience I cut off the sides as in the photo attached!!
Rated Nice place to try out Chinese food. We tried: 1. Wok box - Soba Noodles and Chilli Basil - was yum!!!! 2. Spicy Chicken Sriracha Dumpling - was awesome!!! 3. Sriracha Surprise Dumpling - was bit too spicy!!! Love what they have done to the place. They didn't over do it but it is a nice place. Do visit around 9pm or else it becomes bit overcrowded.
Rated Its pretty good food on a budget. I ordered the sriracha chicken dumplings , the chicken jalapeno peanut bao and a prawn wok box in coconut curry. It was really good, didn't expect it to b delicious especially the dumplings. It's amazing food if u r on a budget
Rated Chinese food has always been my best friend. I can eat it for every meal and will never get tired of it. Sometimes I feel that they add some special ingredient to it as it always makes me want more. I often wonder how this place survives with its tough competitor – 5 Spice just right beside it but I’m guessing it does have a charm of it’s own that makes it stand out! It was a surprisingly, pleasant evening and I decided to have an early dinner. Neither of us could eat too much so we shared. What really got me excited was their whole concept of making your own wok. It’s become such a hit everywhere you go! And it was to my advantage as I love anything that is customized. I feel it’s more personal and something I can relate to more. Making my own wok meant that it had all my favourites in it so I was one happy gastronome. The décor is funky and creates a lovely ambiance especially if you’re hanging out with a couple of mad-hatter friends. It consists of bar stools and long wooden tables with black walls in the background. It also gives it that whole retro feel. It is self-service and the most fun part is that you get to watch the guy make your wok. You get to choose your own base (steamed rice/ udon noodles/ flat wheat noodles/ ramen noodles) , meat (chicken/fish/prawn) ,veggies( leeks/ button mushrooms/spring onion/ baby cabbage/ baby corn/ carrot/ broccoli/ zucchini/ onion/ pak choy/tofu/peppermix/ french beans/ cauliflower) , sauces( black bean/ black pepper/ kung pao/ chilli basil/ ohn khao suey/ oyster sauce/ pumpkin curry/teriyaki/ thai curry/ sambal/ toban) and condiments(fried onions/ crushed peanuts/ burnt garlic/ cliantro) image I went with: Base- steamed rice Meat- chicken Veggies- leeks,mushrooms, baby corn , broccoli, zucchini,tofu Sauce- teriyaki Condiments- fried onions, crushed peanuts, burnt garlic I really enjoyed the combination of flavours in my mouth and each flavour was so distinct. I could get the strong sweetness from the sauce and it was well balanced with the toppings and other elements. What I was most pleased was the fact that it was overloaded with biog chunks of chicken pieces. It was definitely worth it! The boxes that they come in are simply adorable and the guys will also redo it for you in case you are not happy with what has been served. Next on my list was the Har gau(prawn) dumplings. I have always been a huge fan of dimsums be it any kind. I also find them a much healthier option at least when you’re eating out but sadly these did not live up to my expectations. They had a glossy casing covering a jumbo prawn and sat looking so dainty.They were light and fresh but I wouldn’t vouch for these. It was a real disappointment because they are my favourite kind any day! Another major disappointment were the latest addition of baos that everyone has been raving about! The baos had a very weird texture. Seemed like they didn't have the right proportion of yeast and the filling that consisted of Chicken in Peanut sauce and Jalapeños wasn't very appetizing either. I guess sometimes I'm just unlucky with food. To end it, was a fortune cookie that spoke about the future of my life. Wok Express is a casual, chilled out place that you could try when you’re bored of the usual home food or just want an outing. It’s not the next Yauatcha or China Gate so don’t go expecting anything fancy. Now comes the most important question: Would I go there again? Not so sure… maybe just for the woks actually! (The author dined anonymously and paid for her own meal) yummyinsidemytummy.in
Rated Absolutely ga-ga over this place...simple clean neat wooden interiors with bar stools and wooden tables, just grab your Customised Wok with Rice/ Noodles, protein, veggies, sauces, toppings like fried onions/peanuts/garlic and sit down for a casual meal. The bubble tea was different and quite liked it. But the wok is the true hero, dont be fooled by its size as its quite enough for 2 people to share. We tried the one with Chilli Coriander Sauce & Hot Garlic Sauce, both were great. Need to make more visits here to try the dumplings and the Baos. The Fortune cookies at the end of the meal is a fun thing, you feel like a child curious to read what the fortune cookie has in store for you.
Rated Ordered veg ramen noodles in hot crispy garlic sauce(medium), prawns with rice in chilli basil sauce(large), chicken chill basil bao, milo-tella and pink guava ice tea. The noodles were very saucy and good. The non veg rice we ordered had very less prawns in it didn't like it much. The drinks were okay. The chicken bao was very tasty loved it will surely go next time especially for it. A bit pricy but will definitely try some dimsums next time.
Rated Amazing food. Flavours are always consistent. The bubble tea is delicious. New massaman curry is nice and I love the new wheat soba noodles! Great place to order from or walk in and eat. Staff is super nice and super kind. One of my favourite places to just sit down and grab a proper delicious healthy meat and veggie filled meal!
Rated Love this place for one thing and one thing alone, their Edamame Truffle Oil dumplings; they're so subtly delicious and melt-in-the-mouth! Priced at Rs.250+tax for four pieces, I find them quite reasonable too. The crystal dumplings are good but they come nowhere close to the legendary crystal dumplings we had at Lemon Leaf, which shuttered recently :( Other things worth trying here are the Baos, steamed Chinese breads with various fillings. The Woks are quite average and too heavily doused in sauce. The Bubble Tea is.. meh! They can do better.
Rated I'm totally in love with this place. Unusual decor with some colour full objects all around really brighten up this small cute place. Food is just amazing- eggs are a must try, chicken sandwich with fresh multigrain bread is sumptuous! Definitely try the sangria and their yummy shakes variety. I really wish they open an outlet soon in town😑
Rated A nice quaint little place. Stands out in that area full of bars and shisha joints. The food here is simple yet tasty - they have a stuffed leg of chicken which is delicious however their omelette is quite boring - it's one of the simplest things to make maybe thus taken for granted. It could definitely be much much better. The location is central however blends into the adjoining places and is difficult to find. The decor is very cute and I love the books placed in the shells. Tables and couches can be cleaner, especially because guests come out to eat for an experience. Food is great, decor is fab, hygiene and maintainance can be much better. A one time visit for sure :)
Rated Young! yes, this is the word that comes to mind when you visit Jamjar Diner. Ambience of this place is the selling point. I visited this place with a friend. This is a cool place to hang out. The good food is like a topping.
Rated Really nice decor and decent food. Heard that night time ambience here is better. Liked the pasta and drinks here. Unique wall decor and collectibles. Really a must try place.
Rated Jamjar a very vibrant blue color entrance greets you to the restaurant, the entrance really gets your attention if you pass by this place. A get together with friends and Jamjar was the place decided for the meet. It has a very cosy and calm ambiance and a rooftop section as well, but we settled for the AC section as it can accommodate a large group. There is a jukebox placed in a corner. -Food- Chicken Popcorn - The chicken popcorn was good with crisp layer and it got over in no time. Spicy Harrisa Chicken - The chicken made in harrisa paste served with creamy dip, but it wasn't spicy and lacked flavor. The dish was average in taste. Chili Cheese Toast - The toast was very good with melted cheese and olives on top and it was yum. Fire Roasted Veggies Taco - The veggies tossed in olive oil and roasted and served in small tortillas. A huge thumps up for this dish. Pizza Basil Pesto Chicken - This thin crust Pizza was good with the chicken pieces done in pesto sauce with olives toppings. Chimichurri Grilled Chicken - The chicken breast marinated and grilled and served with herb sauce, mashed potatoes and veggies. The grilled chicken was cooked to perfection and delectable. Pizza Feta and Roasted Pepper - One of the worst Pizza I ever had. The thin crust was fine, with feta cheese, roasted pepper and olives topping. The pizza was very bland in taste. Pan tossed Broccoli & Mushroom - This dish was a big let down. Virgin Mojito - This drink is somewhat default for me 😁 one of the best I had so far. It was a dry day so my friends missed out on the cocktails. So, overall it was a decent experience with some hits and misses. The food is just above average. The portion served is good and service is prompt. A good place to chill out with your friends.
Rated This place has been promoting itself on Zomato for a while now, so it definitely had my attention. As I was in Versova one morning, I visited Jamjar. I was pleasantly surprised as I entered, because it surpassed my expectations. As the meal progressed, my excitement toned down, and at the end of it, I can say that it's a lovely place but is it really that special? I doubt it. Service: Quite nice. They provided themselves at all times, and though a little unprofessional, they always dispensed their duties successfully. But yet again, I can't say with confidence that it was excellent service. Maybe I'm being over critical. Ambience & Décor: Free Jukebox. Enough said. The place is beautiful. It's absolutely adorable. They've really gone all out and made sure Jamjar Diner is unique. The ambience, I can't really say much for, since we were the only ones there in the morning. But I can't imagine it being anything but good. Food: CHICKEN CAESAR SALAD. Firstly, I'm hugely disappointed in the sheer lies, pertaining to the healthy food they provide. Apart from few salads, nothing feel under that category. So I chucked the diet, and dug in. Chicken was magnificent. It was light, and had a great flavour. The leaves were good too. Normally, Caesar Salads are drenched in dressing, thankfully this was lightly dressed. Well made. MUSHROOM MELT SANDWICH. Pretty decent. The bread was average, but the mushrooms were nice (although a little bigger than ideal). The sauce in which were the mushrooms, was gorgeous. It was spicy and tangy. Sadly, very little cheese. The side salad was nice. SPICED PEAR BROWNIE SUNDAE. Very innovative with the pears, I really enjoyed them, but there could've been. The brownie was alright, as was the Vanilla Ice Cream. Nothing too special. The Ice cream could've been pear flavoured. I'm not too sure how that would go with chocolate brownies, but the components of the dish weren't really congruent. GANGA JAMUNA JUICE. Freshly squeezed orange and sweet lime, and some sugar. Voilà! Pretty good. Slightly tangy, but if it's naturally made then I wouldn't complain. Jamjar Diner maybe is a special place after all. But it's far from perfect. It has set a good standard with respect to its Ambience & Décor, but the quality of service and especially food, could use some work. You'll still enjoy it, but will you cherish it? Go and find out.
Rated First look from outside and I was vary of the place. Stepping inside i was awestruck ! A perfect place for brunch. In fact I revisited one night and sat outdoors and it was perfect then too! Ordered : Nutella banana pancakes Bbq burger(chicken and pork) Beef steak Spaghetti bolognese Honey chilli Pork Chicken skewers And the best of all : Jamjar jäger Long Island tea Each dish was yummy. Honey chilli pork was an experiment and it didn't disappoint Do try that drink The burger was my favorite : the bread was a little too big. When I mentioned this the chef corrected the second burger I would love to go here again and again!
Rated A nice place for breakfasts and brunch days. Love their bacon and cheesy fries. The sangria is pretty neat! The beers are nice! You get to taste them before you make a decision. THEY HAVE A JUKEBOX!
Rated I remember coming to this place when I was in school, but it was some other restaurant then. I like what they have done to it now. It got a nice ambience. Though I don't like the outdoor seating. It gets really hot outside. And the table in the right corner has too many plants right above your head. Sometimes theres smoke smell from the neighbourhood which can be irritating. And outside needs more lighting. As some pages of the menu has a dark background its hard to read the text when theres not enough light. Inside seating is way better. Service is pretty good too. Would visit this place again, but sit inside.
Rated Food is just awesome, loved the Punjabi flavors. Love the pan shots served after meal. Was disappointed with the hygiene part, so not giving good rating, feel that they should maintain it. Spoons were very dirty and sticky.... It's a turnoff!!! They changed the cutlery though but still it did not meet my requirement. Guys please do something about it.. Because I love the food and ambiance..
Rated Punjab is all about the rich culture, food and sprawling 'khets'. The best way to experience all of it is by taking your car out and going on a 'gedi' (drive) wherein the most anticipated moment is the pit stop to a dhaba and gorging on some culinary brilliance. Alas, this isn't Punjab which is why I went on a gedi where the dhaba wasn't a stop but a destination. This is how I ended up here, at Pratap's the dhaba. The restaurant provides you with a large open air dining area, like the typical dhaba, along with a smaller indoor dining hall that has the bar. The ambiance is akin to Haveli (popular restaurants in Punjab) hence you will get a glimpse of the Punjabi culture, with a hanging dhol to mannequins doing bhangra to the waiters dressed up in kurta pajamas and, the best part, Punjabi quips on the walls. The entire atmosphere was lively because of the peppy punjabi songs playing in the background that were making me laugh and baffling my non-Punjabi friends. I couldn't stop grinning when I was handed the menu because it was on a 'pakhkhi'(a handheld fan). The service here needs a little fixing because we had to do a lot of hand waving to catch the attention of the staff. Coming to the judgment of whether the flavours were as authetic as the ambiance had set it up to be? Well, almost. Read on. We ordered Bhalla Papri Chat which was essentially perfect with the chutneys and curd really hitting home. This dish raised my expectations really high that the flavours were going to be impeccable. Next were the gol gappes (or pani puri) which was a delight as I got to see the filling to potatos and black chickpeas after really long with the perfect imli chutney. I just wish that the 'pani' was more tangy. The Choora Papad was the dish that really made me want to call up mom because that's exactly how she does it: with a dash of chaat masala, red chilli and ghee. For the main course, we went for Dal makhani and Paneer Kadai Wala. The paneer was really well made with the slightly tangy base and soft paneer but lacked a little in the spicy department. The dal makhani, though, was an utter disaster. No matter which part of the globe it is, I cannot accept dal makhani that gives flavours of coconut! And that was exactly what was wrong with that dish and ruined all the fun for me. The naan and ajwain di roti were a little chewy but not bad either. The meal was really accentuated by the delectable onions and garlic. Even though I was disheartened post the dal makhani fiasco, the desserts did make up for it. We ordered the malai kulfi which was good but the winner was the jalebi rabri. Perfectly sweetened crunchy jalebis with the cool rabri really did save the day. The meal ended with complimentary paan shots that were a really refreshing culmination of our journey. Overall, I would recommend this place if you wish to catch a glimpse of Punjabi culture but the place is a little overpriced. I would love to go there again because I was eating good food while pseudo-dancing in my seat after a long time; so I can say that my gedi was successful.
Rated Travellers who have been to the highway's in North India especially the Punjab belt would know of great tastes and ambience in dhaba's lining up alongside the road. Pratap Dhaba recreates the magic of taste punjabi cuisine right in the heart of Mumbai. The decor of the place is rustic and earthy like in Dhaba. The music and menu card compliments the Dhaba setup. I prefer non-veg food at this restaurant that is little spicy. Preference is the chicken (Kukkad) tandoori or chicken tikka. This restaurant serves fried fresh garlic as mini bites free of cost as it is one amazing thing to have with the drinks or meal. Also the onion is punched to break open like in villages. Such small gestures make the Dhaba more authentic and just like village homely atmosphere. After meal they serve pan shots, which is made of paan and instead of having paan one can do good with this paan shots. Some unique items to try is the Vodka Pani poori, Jalebi with Rabdi.
Rated This used to be a very good restaurant for Punjabi cuisine. They have both indoor n outdoor seating. I've been here multiple times including couple of special occasions with family n friends. I've always sat outside in the open. The ambience is rustic village like. Yesterday's visit has made me change my opinion about Pratap's. First the table given to us had a very wet floor almost a puddle below the table. Luckly we got another one as the rest was not full. The food was very poor we'd ordered for Chicken Achari n Paneer Achari which was ok. Pani Puri also ok. Chicken Kalmari was very dry. The disappointment was with kaali daal which was not kaali at all n looked peeli with too much of cream in it. When we told the captain he's said it's like this only. Later he got it changed but there was not much difference. Daal makhni was so delicious once upon a time here. I guess their chef has changed n it's not good for the restaurant. Ambience - 3.5/5 Food - 2/5 Service - 3/5
Rated complimentary bhuna garlic pods is what I look out for every time the food id ordered form here. The food is average. The ambience is nice and missi rotis are quite nice too.
Rated The ambience is decent and they have tried hard to make it look like a dhaba. Food is excellent. Delicious food. Prices on the expensive side. Icing on the cake is the pan shot they give it in the end. All in all a good experience .
Rated Over priced food.. We simply ordered for 2 large rum n a large blenders with one seekh kebab chicken n one pani puri with one mocktail and our bill was already 2.5k...super expensive for the flavor they deliver as nothing great just how the normal Punjabi hotels serve...I felt I have lot better options than prataps for Punjabi cuisine with a genuine pricing without burning a hole in pocket n so we then shifted to Masala Zone for main dinner as few more people were about to join us..n trust me my guests were delighted with Masala Zone... So until I want to purposely show off n splurge ain't goin back
Rated Pratap the Dhaba is I great place to eat!!! I've been going here a while now and this place is one of those very consistent restaurants with its quality of the food! Hands down the dishes to order are: Butter chicken, Paneer Tikka, tandoori chicken and make sure you get those masala fried pieces of garlic with the pickled onions! (OMG!)! I could eat this everyday. The place has attentive staff, great vibe (what you expect of a high end Dhaba) and quick service. I highly recommend this place. Keep up the great food.
Rated If there's any place in Bbay that sells honest to God authentic Punjabi food, then it's this place. I always thought it was an ok place while I got food delivered at home. After a tiring day I decided to stop over and grab a bite, right from the guy at the door to bearers all of them are warm and cordial. Now to the food tried only a few things on the menu but believe you me they were truly the best I have ever had - the butter chicken, dal makhni, with roti and jeera rice. The jalebi's we thin, crisp, piping hot and most importantly had jus the right amount of sweetness. If you are in Andheri and u wanna have Punjabi food think no further.
Rated A really mouth watering experience.. Great pizzas..., one of the best in town. The pizzas are loaded with vegetables and chicken.. Great amount of cheese as well. The pizzas are really tasty and there are great offers on bulk orders. Have always ordered the pizzas from here and the delivery is done within 45 mins.
Rated The rating is solely for the food. The service was so bad that I had to deduct the other 2.5. One goes out to eat in peace. But here, youre served anything but peace. From wrong orders to even 'wronger' orders, it will be a while before they get your pizza right. The food was nice though. Chicken kheema is strongly recommended for spice and meat lovers. The Veg. Mexican was delightful as well. A good place to order it home as well as its a welcome break from the usual dominoes. Some might say even better. Ambience - 5/10 Service - 2/10 Food - 8/10
Rated One of the best pizza places ever. Also, one of the meatiest pizzas in town. Not a dine in as the place is small. But, take away and eat immediately for ultimate flavour. P.S. I RECOMMEND A VISIT OR A CALL
Rated Eva's pizza is a nice little place that offers pizzas of Italian standards. You can order on phone, or choose to sit in their dugout near Marol. We ordered a Chicken Keema and a Veg Bonanza. The pizzas were bleeding cheese through its cuts when they arrived. Pricing is moderate, quality is supreme. Satisfaction level is 4 on 5!
Rated This review is based on their food and delivery services 1) Food (0.75/1.25) : 2 of their pizzas - our dinner for a girl gang night out. I don't remember clearly what was ordered- but if I am not mistaken - one was Eva's special (chicken) and the other was probably a paneer pizza. They were both delivered hot - tasted rustic and had decent amount of proteins/meat on them. Did enjoy the pizzas and can't really pick out anything negative. It's just that I've had pizzas with at least 25% more toppings and some more flavour punch. 2) Service (1.25/1.25) : no complaints there 3) Innovation & Technique (0.25/1.25) : I am sure they will come up with something that is really unique to them - a Pizza roll/ a Pizza-nachos together may be? With other pizza joints doing really well in Mumbai - I am sure they will keep up their standards and keep getting better. 4) VFM (0.75/1.25) : 2 Large pizzas and the total bill was Rs.900/- Some more kick in the flavour of the pizzas - they would have been stunning!
Rated Best pizzas ever. :) they have become our favourite outlet for ordering pizza in office. They have amazing offers and cheese burst is mouth wateringly yumm.
Rated We have ordered from this place like multiple times. Can't say much about delivery, it's just same everywhere. Their pizza is definitely better than Domino's and the offer they give is something me and my colleagues look forward too. Cheaper than other pizza joint :)
Rated It's a small joint in Marol but don't go by its interior! It serves Amazing pizzas loaded with cheese and toppings! We ordered chicken hurricane and BBQ chicken pizza. It was stuffed with chicken pieces! Definitely worth a try!
Rated Between breads is a must for all gourmet fast food lovers, in fact it is fast food only in sense that it serves fries, subs and burgers, but it is nothing like your typical joint! Ingredients and buns are fresh, yummy, a healthy as they can get (for example ciabatta and multigrain) and with awesome combinations! My favorite sandwiches are roasted peppers, California veg, Philly (veg and non) the two very creative Soy Cheeseburger and Thai chicken burger; a special mention for Chef’s Farm Fresh and Mushroom and Chicken. All orders also come with fries or chips; as sides, fries and wedges are available in creative variants; I was also very amused to see that here even their desserts are subs! Unlike other fast food chains, staff is kind and prompt, place is clean and setting nicely decorated, with pleasant background music.
Rated If you love huge subs or burgers, this is definitely a place to try out. Tasty food and good music. What I also love about this place is that they have a couple of archie comic books kept on each table. Nice concept.
Rated Bacon fries. Need I say more?. Ok bacon strip's. Yup this place does exist. If you are a junk food lover, BB is the place to B. The burgers and the buns are juicy, tender and yumm. Almost everything on the menu is delicious. Wish the freakin beef ban never happened. The beef that was served here when this place started was a bomb.
Rated My second visit to this place wasn't as good as the first one. The standard of the food has dropped considerable since I last visited it. The place seemed stuffy for some reason and a lot of things on the menu weren't available. I had fries, a chicken sandwich and a turkey sandwich which came along with chips, they were good and tasty no doubt, but they use to be better.
Rated I must say very simple and impressive. I had the veg chilli lime pesto and lemon&herb fries and Arnold Palmer iced tea and it was one of the best hamburgers and fries I have had till date. Very hygienic and staff is very polite. The decor is good and gives a proper feel of the place. Highly recommended.
Rated Between breads is in the lane ahead if KFC. Its a small and cute place to sit and relax with friends and put on calories 😝 Loved the food! Onion rings and cheese wedges! Both were great. Later ordered burgers The jalapeño burger was delicious🐥♥️ Will love to visit the place again to try the other different varieties. The quantity is filling. Staff is friendly and helpful. Music is good too. Not to loud. But enjoyable
Rated A quaint little café, the ambience of this place has a capability of transporting you to a different time and a different city. The look of the place gave a cozy and amazing feel to it. Coming to the food, we went to this outlet during their 3rd birthday, thus everything was 50% off. However, even at 50% off, some of the food items were a tad bit expensive on the pocket. Their sandwiches and burgers come in a huge range and are creative as well as exotic at the same time. We tried their Jalapeno Popper Burger; full of mayonnaise, this treat has poppers sandwiched between breads along with all sorts of veggies making it crunchy, spicy, tangy and sweet, all at the same time. The fries served alongside were pretty good too. Coming to the Paneer Melt Sandwich, it was an explosion of paneer filling along with chillies and onions and many more. It was something to drool over. One of the best part of their food was the way they served it. Those cute little baskets give a homely feel as also you can grab unlimited ketchup, mayonnaise, and mustard sauce which are out to try. Their Strawberry Cheesecake Milkshake was nice-ish but it could have been better and thicker. The Berry Cooler was definitely a high score. All-in-all, it’s an amazing place, and if you don’t mind spending a few bucks on food, it’s definitely worth a visit. Ambience: 4.5/5 Taste Quotient: 4/5 Service: 3.5/5
Rated Small outlet in Bandra. Good for burgers and sandwiches. If you are going on a weekend be ready to be waiting outside. The overall food is good and great place for eating something light
Rated After postponing the visit to this place for days and days i finally got company to go here. If you know the area of bandra it won't be hard to find. It's a small place opposite to Hawaiian Shack. There were hardly 12 covers in the restaurant but we were lucky to find seats. The menu is good as it has a lot of options from sandwiches to burgers. And a variety for the sides to. The food was yum. And the staff was very friendly and polite. Highly recommended and will definitely go again
Rated Bladder burst!!! The most happening event at chili's and I feel lucky enough to experience it on a Friday evening.. Perfect ambiance that sets up ur mood.. Friendly staff. Little heavy on ur pockets though. But good place to hang out with your friends..
Rated We ordered ultimate dripper one evening with some mango iced tea. We were two people and this was really filling and delicious!! We skipped our dinner that day. Considering the brand name of the eatery , qty and quality of the food we ordered and the innovation done on food, price is ok. Not happy with iced tea though, too diluted with water..wasn't justifying the price.
Rated The famous fast food joint opened in Inorbit about 2 years ago. Being a vegetarian I chose to stay away looking at their meat grilling specialities, till recently. A friend took me there for her birthday and since I enjoy Mexican food, I gave it a try. We went on a weekday and ordered from their specials. I had the chipotle pasta with vegetables and she, the grilled chicken meal with rice and beans. We also asked for the loaded fries with chili and cheese. The portions are huge. We could barely finish off our individual meals let alone the fries and these weekday meals come recommended for one. The pasta tasted good. A little bland and too creamy for me but not bad at all. I enjoyed the fries but the chili topping didn't pack any punch. My friend really liked her chicken dish and said it was grilled to perfection. The service is very warm and courteous. The server offers suggestions and asks you often how you like your food. Only thing is sometimes they go AWOL and are tough to catch attention of. Perhaps it was cause our server was handling 3 tables but it's not a deal breaker. The ambience is good enough. Over looks the mall and has a very southern American feel to it. I feel they can add more vegetarian options and customise the food to Indian palates a little. We have a dearth of Mexican restaurants here and Chilis is a novelty. And make it more pocket friendly please. It left us close to 2000 short just on 3 items.
Rated You just can't drop in here casually as it's not that suitable for your regular pocket. pasta costs 500 including taxes and they said it serves only one person n asked her to upgrade it to large one by paying 150 more but we din go for that as we wanted to try first before getting too much and not liking it.
Rated Only recommended for those who have a great taste for Mexican food. Ambiance is chilled out! What we tried is the double triple (didn't liked), Taco's (best best), some mocktail (you will love the way it is served ), burger ( was better), Chicken crisper (I had it all by myself liked it ) And most important don't miss out the MOLTEN CHOCOLATE CAKE ever PS: high on pockets
Rated Mexican food here is my favorite. Good for fine dine.. Lil heavy on pockets.. But worth on part of taste Waiting on weekends.. Again worth it
Rated So, first time here . A must try is the bacon ranch chicken quesadilla ! Fajitas were quite okay . I tried the chicken burger & it was quite dry ! The tacos were delish . The menu is way too elaborate . Good place for cocktails To top it off we had the chocolate chip paradise dessert . So fkin Rich ! All in all pretty decent place ! Will surely visit again .
Rated When i stepped into this restaurant I was expecting some nice and authentic Tex mex cuisine . The first dish that we ordered nachos large was a complete disappointment. We got a long tray with 6 nachos topped with chicken pieces , salsa and cheese....a huge,huge disappoint as I was expecting a bowl filled with nachos topped with the guacamole n salsa exactly the way they serve it back in Fort Worth ,Texas . The bloody mary that I had ordered was okay. Next up was the chicken fajitas and I must say..they were exactly the way they should have been. Nice grilled chicken, warm fajitas, salsa, cheese, guacamole and cream....that was absolutely yummy. I would return to this place only for the chicken fajitas. The ambiance is nice . There is a well stocked bar where you can get Mexican beer like corona which has a slight lemony flavour and goes good with the Mexican food. As usual the waiters are prompt and on their toes. Pice wise the place is on expensive side . Definitely visit again to try some other Mexican dishes.
Rated We have always come here with high expectations and chilis has ensured that they are met. With courteous staff, they ensure that us group of friends have a good time..!!! Cheers to chilis
Rated The food was reasonably priced and just passable. Chilly Coriander Noodles were nicely spicy but still very tasty. The best thing in my order . The rest was disappointing The Murg Bhuna was tasty but the chicken contained a lot of bone and worse there were small fragments throughout the sauce. It was pretty much impossible to eat. What flesh I could get off the chicken was tough and dry. A real shame as the sauce was very good. The Veg sweetcorn soup was like wallpaper paste and had zero flavour. Not really worth eating, tasteless gruel. Given how good the noodles and Bhuna sauce was I'm pretty sure that there is a good cook in here somewhere but they need to improve their ingredients and presentation. I'll probably use them again but I'll be asking for the boneless dishes.
Rated This place came as a surprise for me. Very good food and decent ambience with quick service. They have lot of options in food, we tried a lot of things. My favourite and star of d lunch were Paneer Cheese Tikka and Palak Cheese balls👌.. Even neer dosa were very good. Don't miss the Gadbad ice-cream, fantastic is taste n presentation. Must visit this place, if u around...
Rated Let me start with if you wanna enjoy IPL screening on a rooftop or want to enjoy some great Indian delicacy (food) with great hospitality, do visit gurukripa. Gurukripa is a restaurant which is located in vicinity where I work and is quite popular out there. It is located near Chandivali petrol pump, close by are all the cooperate hubs. Have seen this restaurants thousand of times while travelling to office,heard good reviews from fellow colleagues and finally visited the place on my 8th invitation to a restaurant. Gurukripa operated since 1977, recently celebrated their 39th anniversary. A great achievement in a tough industry.The first sight from outside is the large hoarding displaying the name "Gurukripa" and posters of different cricketers catching on the IPL season. As soon as you enter the place, you will realize how well it is designed. The restaurant is divided into three sections. 1st a capacious air conditioned dining area. 2nd a small cosy open area adjoining the dining area and 3rd the rooftop where you can enjoy IPL screening on a large projector. It was lunch time and place was almost full to the large capacity. Beverages :- 1. Shirley temple..... a season special. It was a milkshake of King of fruits (mango) and nuts. This milkshake beats out the heat of summer. Very refreshing. I thoroughly enjoyed it. A must try. 2. Peru pyala :- A luscious mocktail fuse with guava ice cream,orange and pineapple juice. 3. Fresh lime soda :- It was okish. Fresh lime and sugar portion where prefect but was missing crushed ice (suggestion is to add crushed ice to it). Starters :- 1. Chicken ghee roast..... A Mangalorean delicacy had chunks of chicken.Chicken Ghee Roast was Fiery red, tangy and spicy with an unmistakable flavor of ghee roasted spices, this authentic chicken dish is not for the faint heart. Yummyinmytummy :) 2. Grill Basa black :- Basa is one of the most famous sea food appetizers now a days. Usually I don't prefer too much of pepper in any of my meal but this was one which I can eat without any hesitation. Grilled basa prepared in black pepper was nicely done. It was soaked into black pepper,red chillies and had tender meat. 3. Palak cheese balls :- Add cheese to anything and it just becomes hard to resist thing. These bite sized cheese balls very so appealing and had us drooling. Awesome, a must have. 4. Chicken Banjara kabab :- This was my favorite starter. Chicken Banjara was delectable spicy kebab fully loaded with the fresh spices, cilantro, mint and cumin flavor. Boneless chicken coated in the spicy marination of yogurt and then grilled in the oven was a real treat. 5. Grill chicken black pepper dry:- I did not find this one that good, may be because of pepper (i don't prefer it). I can say if you don't like pepper, miss this one. Mains:- 1. Neer Dosa with prawns curry..... was one of the best main course I had till date. Neer dosa was so soft and excellently cooked. Super delicious it was. Will like to try it again. If mangalorean neer dosa is your thing, you can't miss gurukripa. Prawns curry complimented neer dosa completely. This is what you call a complete meal. A alluring combo, go for it. Desserts :- 1. Gadbad (Icecream) :- Signature mangalorean icecream. A tall glass with layers of ice-cream, jelly, dry-fruits and fresh fruits. Presentation of ice cream was superb and then when you taste it, you are altogether in a different world. Again this one is recommended. 2. Hello To The Queen :- A remarkable,fascinating,enchanting dessert. A chocolate walnut brownie topped with chocolate,fruits,wafer biscuits,cheery and vanilla ice cream was toothsome. Do not misjudge the place by the name being a Punjabi or north Indian restaurant. This place mainly serves some extra ordinary south indian dishes. Also, don't underestimate the place with it's name, it is a power house (going strong since 1977). 1. Food 5/5 superb. 2. Ambience 5/5 has everything for every one be it family,cooperate or sports lover crowd. 3. Value for money 4.5/5 Food quality,quantity compliments the pricing. 4. Staff service 5/5 The hospitality is great. Very attentive and courteous. 5. Location 4.5/5 It is not "exactly exactly" in powai. It is near chandivali studio,chandivali petrol pump.
Rated Visited this place recently for lunch with a friend. It was 1ish when we reached the restaurant and the place was full already. My expectations had increased by then. The restaurant is quite big and designed beautifully. They have a rooftop section as well which begins after it gets a little dark. There are personal sections as well incase you want to visit with your family and have a personal and a good time. So i would say this place has been designed and managed very smartly. Coming to the food: Mocktails Peru pyaala- very desi peru juice it was. It had dryfruits in it, and it had a very unique taste. loved it and definately a must try!! Fruit punch- its anyways an ever green mocktails for me. It was nice chilled and refreshing, perfect for a summer afternoon. Starters Harabhara kebab- This dish for me was good but definately not excellent. I was expecting the kebabs to be a little more cooked and crispier. But it was definately not bad at taste. Paneer cheesy tikki- This dish was my fav of all the others. Soft panner was stuffed with cheesy sauce which was excellent and then dipped in a batter and fried. Nice orange coloured starter it was. Tasted excellent, the softness of panner just took me to another world. Crispy potato- nice frechfries sort of potatos tossed in a chilly gravy. It was very good at taste but again this could have been a litlle more crispier. Roomali papad- it was a huge crispy roomali roti topped with onion, tomato, lemon, coriender and sev. It tasted good. The crispy roomali papad gave it a different and a good taste. Main course Korri rutti- This is a manglorian authentic dish that we tried that day on the managers recomendation and i cant thank him enough for introducing me to this excellent dish. It was nice chicken made in coconut gravy. The gravy was medium spicy an the chicken was very soft. This gravy and chicken is then poured on rice made crispy sheets. This combination is something to die for!! This dish is highly recomended!! Malai kofta-tried malai kofta as well. The gravy was nice and thick. The consistency of the dish was perfect. It was a nice rich cashew gravy. This dish is sweet incase some 1 doesnt know about it. The kofta was nice and soft. It was stuffed with some dry fruits as well. Loved it. Surely ordering this on my next visit. Paneer musalam- again this dish was recomended to us by the manager and we went on with his recomendation. It proved to be excellent 1 for us. Loved this dish to the core. Soft paneer done in nice medium spicy red gravy. Just loved it. Must try!! Stuffed kulcha- Very tasty and heavy. It tasted good with paneer musalam and malai kofta. Can definately opt for this aswell. Incase you have already had alot of starters go for plain naan or laccha paratha. Dessert Gadbad- Yet another speciality from manglore. This dish is basically ice cream topped with dry fruits and fresh fruits. And 3 such layers. It wa sa nice try. Can try this as well, as it had that nice indian dessert flavour!! Overall i had a great time here. Maincourse was bangon. Mocktails were excellent. And starter were good too. Service and ambience is also very nice. A surely must visit place if you are in or around powai and looking for a restaurant that has authentic Indian food. Cheers!!
Rated A decent joint in d vicinity.. Extensive menu, decent service and good food.. They have outdoor n terrace sitting as well.. V started wid paneer cheese tikka, and it was yummmm.. A must have!!! Nxt came in palak cheese balls again a superb dish, must try.. V called for assorted veg platter, consisted of 2 types of paneer, babycorn, tandoori aloo and sheek kebab.. Babycorn n tandoori aloo were great and rest was ok.. Nxt came in d veg wanton fry, again very well made.. V wanted to try smething different than d regular punjabi dishes so as suggested by d captain v called fr a veg gassi wid neer dosa, neer dosa n they served one idli wid it, both were fantastic.. The curry was ok fr me.. For drinks v had d peru pyala tasted really good.. Fresh lime soda was good too.. Shirley temple was ok ok.. There is always sme place fr dessert, so v had d Gadbad icecream and Hello to d queen (chocolate and vanilla based) very good presentation and very good taste too, thumbs up to tat.. Its slightly heavy on d pocket.. Overall amazing experience, and totally worth d visit..
Rated "What really matters is invisible to the eyes" - said a wise human being once and this saying strongly holds true for this restaurant. As the name Gurukripa gleaming in white around green neon lights stared at us outside the restaurant, little did we know about the gastronomical extravaganza and culinary excellence that's in store for us within. Though the name seems to give out a very dull expression of the place, the food and hospitality of the place speaks otherwise, making this place a MUST visit! AMBIANCE: 4/5 The restaurant is divided into a spacious air conditioned interior dining section with comfortable seating arrangements perfect for a business meet or for spending quality time with family and a rooftop dining area again housing a bar smaller as compared to the one in the a/c section tucked away in a corner and a large OHP screen projecting music videos of the English classics and certain Bollywood songs being played out loudon the music system in the other end. BEVERAGES: 3.5/5 Peru pyala - A yummilicious mocktail comprising of guava ice cream that also imparted the required thickness to the mocktail apart from the flavour, along with pineapple juice and orange juice. Superb! Blue on the sky - This one was a vodka based cocktail made by adding blue curacao to vodka. Nicely done, but a little bit more sweet than my taste preferences. Orange Poma - A bittersweet concoction containing vodka, lime and orange flavour. Well done and so very refreshing! Mojito - My favourite amongst the cocktails I tasted that evening. This one was a perfect blend of mint leaves and lime, a concoction so soothing that it absolutely refreshed my soul! STARTERS: 4.5/5 Crispy Masala Roomali - A huge crispy roti topped generously with finely diced tomatoes, onions, sev, fresh chopped coriander and a hint of ghee. Yummmm! I can endlessly munch on this one and never get enough of it! Chicken Ghee Roast - Boneless bite-sized pieces of moderately spicy and delicious pan roasted chicken in ghee were served to us along with fresh salad. Brilliantly done! Grilled Basa Black Pepper - Basa fish meat seasoned with plenty of black pepper were then perfectly pan grilled giving thema slightly crispy exterior with aptly cooked tender and delicious meat within along with some veggies like spring onion greens and bulbs, split red chillies,cabbage, bell peppers, etc tossed in a wok. This was again garnished with a salad on the side. Crunchy Mushrooms- I couldn't taste this one since I'm allergic to mushrooms; but my pals who did, totally loved it! Batter fried mushroom moulds with a slightly crispy exterior were filled with a mixture of chopped mushrooms and plenty of cheese. The food art done with the help of green and redtomatoestotally beautified the dish! Chicken Jungli Kebab- This one was a variant of the good old Chicken reshmi kebabs where moderately spiced and marinated chicken in a green pastewere coated with egg whites before cooking them inthetandoor. I could appreciate the smoky flavour imparted by the tandoor but this one still has plenty of scope for improvement. MAINS: 4.5/5 Chicken Rara - An absolutely masaledaar, spicy, creamy and so yummilicious dish cooked to perfection with tender, well cooked and delicious boneless chicken meat. WOW! Prawns Pulimunchi - This classic Manglorean favourite - the Pulimunchi curry was simply nailed to perfection with wonderfully cooked spicy prawns in a hot, spicy and tangy curry. WOW again! BREADS: 3.5/5 To go with the mains were ordered a Roomali Roti,Butter Tandoori Roti and aGarlic Naan. They tasted good; not too doughy though the roomali roti was a tad bit dry. Overall, they didn't disappoint but still had scope for improvement. DESSERTS: 4.5/5 Gadbad Ice Cream - This was the restaurant's highly recommended signature dessert. A tall glass filled to the brim with a variety of Ice cream flavours like mango, etc, strawberry syrup, along with dry fruits like pistachios, cashews and raisins, sliced and diced fruits like banana, apple, green grapes and garnished with a cherry on top and wafer biscuits placed on two sides. Yummmm! Hello to the Queen - Yet another excellent dessert consisting of chocolate walnut brownie bits, topped with vanilla and chocolate ice creams, chocolate sauce, dry fruits like cashews and raisins, sliced bananas and a cherry on top along with chocolate sticks placed on the sides. SERVICE: 4.5/5 The service is very heart warming, welcoming, cheerful, attentive and warm. The service is unbelievably swift even while operating at full capacity that too on a weekday evening when we went here. VERDICT: Beverages - 3.5/5 Food quality - 4.5/5 Food quantity - 4.5/5 Ambiance - 4/5 Service - 4.5/5 VFM - 4.5/5 snehanvg.wordpress.com
Rated Gurukripa - located in Powai - was a pleasant surprise. They say don't judge a book by it's cover and it truly applied to this restaurant. The place is actually fine dining with seating options available for both indoors and outdoors. The indoor seating has a fine dining formal ambience with good air conditioning and interiors. We preferred a more relaxed option upstairs which was outdoors. Even through it is located on the busy Saki Vihar road, the music ensured you don't hear d traffic. The ambience was perfect - cool breeze, big projector screen with songs and amazing music. We started with their special mocktail- Peru Pyala - which was a delicious mix of Guava, pineapple and orange juice. It was sweet but not too much and very refreshing. We went on a Wednesday and it was ladies night special offer of buy 2 get 1 free on their cocktails. I didn't drink but my friends enjoyed the Mojito, vodka based Orange Poma and Blue in the sky. Although the flavor was too strong for their taste. Before we started with the appetizers, we ordered for crispy masala roomali which was a HUGE masala papad. The masala was finger licking good and perfect to start with. In appetizers there's a wide variety available and we opted for non vegetarian dishes. We started with chicken ghee roast which had chunks of chicken well garnished and very tender to taste. It came with a side salad and we totally relished it. The next was grilled basa black pepper which was as the name suggests - basa fish prepared grilled style and in black pepper sauce. The fish was very soft and melted in my mouth. Amazing. Very much recommended. We also tried crunchy mushrooms - a crispy preparation stuffed with mushrooms and cheese with tid bits of capsicum too which really added to the taste. Again, a very good preparation. And this wasn't the end - we also tried their junglii kabab which was very creative - reshmi kebab wrapped around egg white. If you are used to the traditional way of Kebabs then you might not enjoy this. We finally moved on to the main course and started with their highly recommend and house special Chicken Rara. Loved the chicken gravy and the chunks of tender chicken. It was not too spicy and yet full of masala. The prawns pulimunchi were delightful but I'm not a big prawn lover. Believe it or not we still had room for dessert, a very little room though - we were served 2 of their house special Desserts: Gadbad Icecream which was a perfect blend of multi flavors icecreams with lots and lots of dry fruits and cherry on top. Another was very interesting name: Hello to the Queen which was chocolate walnut icecream with lot of chocochips. A perfect ending to a perfect evening. The hospitality was great too as the manager and the staff were very courteous and helpful in recommending dishes. Overall it was a great experience and a definitely a must visit place. Thank you Sneha Gopalakrishnan | Epicureans and Beryl Menezes | Epicureans for the awesome company. You guys made it perfect :-) divyatikiya.wordpress.com
Rated Everything I was expecting from this place before visiting was fulfilled. Good service, awesome taste and a nice place to have a office lunch/dinner or with 3/4 friends. Good variety of starters both veg and non veg. Tuesday offers are also tempting. Will be visiting again soon.
Rated It's a nice fine dining place which can be visited with family and friends. The ambience is soothing and seating is ample and comfortable. They have an extensive menu for both vegetarians and non vegetarians. The service is pretty nice and the food tastes good. The prices are little more than shown in zomato menu. It gives a nice overall experience and will not hesitate visiting this place again.
Rated I ordered it for the first time and I wasn't pretty sure how it would be, but to my surprise the service was really pretty fast and the food wasn't that bad! A thumbs up to them
Rated Good food. Amazing Biryani, specially know for non veg but even the veg biryani was amazing. Good taste and good service, and value for money. Quantity of food matches the price.
Rated My only visit to this famed establishment came about when I was wandering around Byculla looking for a late night bite, and bumped into Persian Darbar. Was suggested the Mutton Kepsa Biryani by the waiter, and the dish turned out to be worth the wait. Elegantly garnished and majestic in quantity, it was a refreshing change, and a delicious one too, from the conventional Biryanis that I kept ordering for lunch at my workplace. Service was a little slow at the time, which did irritate us a little, but I'll form an opinion on their punctuality once I visit the restaurant in the normal hours. Great dining experience overall, and a must-try in town for biryani/mughlai. Food: 4/5 Hygiene: 4/5 Ambience: 3.5/5 Service (in my only visit): 3/5
Rated Okay so here's a heads up cuz you're gonna need it if you haven't been here before. When you walk in, the ground floor seating isn't that grand. Quite shady actually. So go to the upper level which is much better. I'm guessing there are 3 levels. Tbh I wasn't at all wowed by the food. It was served to us cold and that was a big letdown considering that I had big expectations for this place.
Rated Visited this famed mughal cuisine outlet well after midnight, surprisingly was teeming with patrons on all of its levels.. The service is good and the ambience quirky according to the restaurants various levels on offer... The biryani was good for a famed place like this but not upto the mark in terms of desired spiciness or the taste of those masalas that integrates itself with the chicken/mutton and the biryani rice.. To be frank, a little on the bland side. Various versions of biryani and mughlai cuisine available at a reasonable rate. Best for families or large groups to visit as the seating arrangements for such patrons are perfect.
Rated A Non-veg buff and never been here? A big mistake! The place that defines great mughlai cooking. We started with mutton seekh kabab and chicken boti kabab which were juicy and just rightly spicy. We then ordered mussalam deluxe in red gravy and what a dish! So amazing in the gravy part and rumali roti made it all the way better. Not haevy on pockets and service is quick. Go for it!
Rated When you reach here it looks like a small place but as soon as you enter you realise its pretty huge. The interiors look very authentic. You take any non-veg dish here and it will not disappoint you, specially, mutton raan and chicken biryani, they are amazing.
Rated A Complete disastrous night.......went to have dinner at a place around lower parel but it had shut down early so searched for late night eatery around and found Persian darbar open till 3am. So we went ahead and thought of giving it a try as beggars can't be choosers n we had limited options available. As we entered it all seemed fine.....the interiors, the seating arrangement at different levels, the kind service, the private family cabins, and the choice of different cuisines like Chinese n moghlai. But when it came to food, we were highly disappointed. Being vegetarian we ordered Thai rolls and paneer crispy in starters. Paneer was chewy n not fresh at all and Thai rolls were simply pathetic. Main course was paneer tikka Masala and koftas with Indian breads......also dal tadka n jeera rice. Not a single dish could satiate our hunger.....none was worth any penny. The qty was poor too. Not great portions. The only 2 things we could enjoy were the roasted papads and phirnis. That's it. Had really high expectations from this place on seeing the rating of 4.1 but cld not bring myself to rate it more than 2. I am sure this place must be great for non veg but pls do work well on the veg section too.
Rated One of the best in terms of mughlai food. Have been to this place many times before and the experience has always been good. On a lazy weekend ordered a take away from this famed outlet. The culinary experience included murg zafrani kabab,butter chicken and chicken tikka biryani. The zafrani kabab was excellent, succelent pieces of chicken wrapped in the aroma of saffron. The butter chicken had its signature taste and so did the biryani. The quantity was generous and the quality upto the mark. A must try place
Rated Oriental is my game and there is no place in Bandra that does it any better than Mamagoto! It's reasonably priced for the food and alcohol and well with service on the slightly slower side. They keep re-inventing their menu with their dimsum and patty/bao menus. My favorite there is the chicken teriyaki bowl and the chicken udon! It's located centrally in Bandra so if you are in the vicinity do pop in or even if you make a trip especially for this place it will totally worth it! --A drop of ink may make a million think. @AyaashPaw pawanmanghnani.com
Rated great place to hangout. quite a cool buzz about this bar. Great food, drinks, music tracks are well selected. will come again soon. good service.
Rated Love the lotus stem its really exotic. Love phad Thai love this Restaurent it's good food n service. Love this kind of Thai. Nice for usual hang out.
Rated The ambience is cozy and the staff very courteous. We ordered chicken sour and pepper soup which was awesome. For main course had Thai Red Chicken curry and veg fried sticky rice. It was yummmyy. Highly recommend the place.
Rated Absolutely brilliant food... Will definitely visit again. Only had crispy lotus stem and pad Thai but really good and would Love to try the other dishes next time. Super fast service and a causal ambience!
Rated Such amazing dishes! Contrary to my experience with Mamagoto at hyderabad, I loved what we had here. Udon, fried rice and lettuce wraps with whiskey sour. Thank you for a great time.
Rated Long time coming this review. Visited this place almost 9 months back. We were there because they had some special buffet offer, and I have to admit this was one of the best meals I have had in a long time. Off the bat, would love to mention that I love the intimate and cozy interiors of this restaurant. Now the food.. Will start with the desserts because they were just splendid. They offered only 2 options - the Caramel Sponge Cake and the Coconut and Palm Sugar Icecream and both of them were just splendid. The latter specifically was brilliant, and if you are a fan of ice creams I suggest you give it a try. From the starters my favourites were the Chicken Basil Cups - nice bite sized morsels of tangy Chicken and the the Chicken Satay in Peanut Sauce - absolutely loved the Peanut Sauce, full on plate licking quality. They even offered stir fried Lamb, Chicken, prawns and veggies. The one main course dish I loved was the ever dependable Veg Thai Green Curry - really hearty, flavourful dish. For an extra 300 - 400 bucks they even offer unlimited sangrias which seems like a killer deal to me. They don't have this buffet all year round, I guess it's only twice a year for about two weeks, so better keep an eye out on their homepage. Because this is 1 meal I would definitely recommend.
Rated Its Good. Located at Hill road in Bandra, this one is easier to locate Vs the Fort outlet Its a relatively small outlet. Decor is nice with smart usage of inexpensive yet elegant looking stuff. Staff is very courteous. Special mention for Joy who took good care. He changed the Red Shangria thrice, till i was alright with the taste, the moment he saw that i wasnt happy with it, immediately changed it. Basil cups are excellent, to be had almost like Paani puri. Veg clear soup was ok. The Soho Pan fried Noodle was suggested by them which was very Good. The Stir fried Udon noodles is one of their best Signature dishes. Thai basil fried rice was yummy The place gets packet after 8.30, go early to avoid rush during weekends
Rated Sunday eve a new place to explore and have a relaxing dinner. If you are asian food lover than this is the place to be. The interiors and decor is bit dark but that creates the ambience! We dint reserve any place and just walked in. It was bit empty as we reached but slowly the place started full. We ordered street style spicy dumplings and teriyaki meal in a bowl with chicken. Both the dishes were nice but not that spicy as we had requested to make it spicy. But overall it was nice evening dinner. Service was also good.
Rated If you really want some yummy Butter chicken with the Ambience that is "thoda Hatke" then this the place to be. Service can be a bit better .. but it's all Buffet and no Alacarte so go with the mindset to Hogg ..
Rated I have been here with my college friends. The best thing to try here is pizza,panipuri and nacho. Just for this three thing we have been there for the second time. Most of the time its full so better reserve the table and go.
Rated I was here for my club party. Picked this place for its themed ambiance of jungle and great spread and gladly this place did not disappoint in either of them. The place is so well worked upon that right from the entrance it feels like a club house in midst of amazon forests. The walls, tables, counters all are so perfectly blended into the theme that it gives an all round feel of dining in a jungle. Over that lighting is well managed and further enhances the beauty of decor here. Now coming to food, like every good buffet everything here is a star among the acceptable benchmark. Nothing is very particularly great to recommend but the spread as a whole is really good. Mainly having North Indian, Italian and Chinese cuisines, every item here can be enjoyed without any feel of disappointment. Whereas in other buffet places, starters are a highlight, here the mains are way better and well prepared to give you the satisfaction right till the end of the meal with a great spread of desserts. In all the place is highly recommended for it great decor and good food. My Rating: 1. Food: 3.5/5 2. Ambiance: 4.5/5 3. Service: 4/5 4. Value of Money: 3.75/5 neverknowsbest.in
Rated When I first went to this place I had loved the theme , that's whast attractive about this place , the food is good , good variety as well , you get a mixture of food , deserts are nice .
Rated Caught a mini school reunion of our gang on a lazy Sunday afternoon. Did prior reservations for our group as its a place quite famous for its buffet spread. We all reached the place at our appointed time. The best part of this restaurant is its jungle themed ambience. The second best would be the starters which are served on the table. So we had a good start eating spiced tandoori chicken, fish fries, chicken & lamb kebabs. They also have a live counter serving pani puri and nachos and pastas, as per ones tastes. As always we filled our stomachs with the starters. On the main course the noodles, fish in oyster sauce were quite flat. They did serve tandoori rotis on our askance on the table. The steamed rice & paneer butter masala was good in vegetarian fare. The desserts my favourite lacked variety. Besides hot gulab jamun and fruit custard, other pastries were not so good.Ice creams were also available. While the ambience & starters score, the service is quite drab,for buffet standards. They can really do a lot better on that area. For many a times our table was short of water, even after asking for the same to our attendee. The starters were coming so late on to our table or sometimes it was heaped in each plate. In the end nobody came forward to proactively clean our table, even when we stood up to take desserts. Ultimately we ourselves had to pick it and keep it aside. Overall I would still recommend all to visit for its comfortable ambience & starters, but service really needs a drastic improvement.
Rated The jungle themed buffet restaurant is something out of the ordinary and created wildlife dining ambiance.Its a buffet place and has tasty food, pani puri, nachos, garlic bread, pasta are served from live counters, the rest of the starters are served on your table. Main course was okayish but the Indian desserts were good.
Rated The rating is for the ambience. Cost is good for the food served. The service is also good. But the restaurant has to come up with better mock tails. Although the name is quite funky, the taste was pretty bad. The only drink worth having is the Virgin mohito. The place definitely has scope of improvement. But definitely a one time visit.
Rated A place I would love to visit again and again. Prompt service and definitely a lot much organised. Can't get better ! Keep up the service !
Rated ambience is too good... paneer sizzler is yummy... quantity is enough for two... spacious... service is fast.... menu is short but to the point.... had an awesome birthday date here...
Rated Great place. Had planned for a multi cuisine dinner after a long drive and that went well when dinner was at Food Studio . Ordered a mix of meals like dumplings, pizza, lasagne,fried rice & sizzling brownie . All of them was good . Staff is very courteous and ambience is also good . Price, quality & quantity all 3 is good. Would surely visit this place again.
Rated One of the best restaurants in navi mumbai. I didnt expect much but was shazamed when the food arrived. V ordered fr americani fries n man were they loaded with cheese n its was sharp tasty cheese with corn n capcicum tiny dices. The lamb honet chilli , u just cant stop . N then the standing pomfret wa really nice n yes the kheema pizza. I have nobwords. Absolute value fr money.
Rated Now this place is loaded with lots to provide to its hungry customer. Good ambiance, quite attentive and followup staff to look after the customer especially when they have started with their meal and if they require any other additions. Seating at certain place were little uncomfortable and upon request of a specific seating which were for more than 4 customer were promptly provided without much hassle. Chicken Dumplings were very good to start with and then ended up with Grilled Chicken Sizzler which was awesome but somehow felt that the chicken could have been grilled more and served with more heat. overall, the experience were more satisfying than how its written.
Rated Its a super awesome place i loved this place very much food is damn tasty and not that expensive Must try chicken nawabi starter its just awesome 😍
Rated Lovely place situated on the main road near Satra Plaza. The place looks really elegant from the outside and you will be instantly attracted to go in. Even on the inside, the interiors are very well done! Food and drinks are priced reasonably. The food tastes good and the service is quick too! Overall a good experience!
Rated Good place to eat in new Bombay. It was a good experience there. Kid friendly. Starters were good. Bartender was able to make some nice drinks. The cosmopolitan was a nice drink the ladies enjoyed.
Rated Had lunch yesterday here.. food- GOOD! We had saiwoo chicken its a lil sweet n spicy with spinach loved it... chilly prawns n fish fingers were nice. For mains mutton boti was delicious and white sauce pasta ,cilantro chicken too. Ambience- good. Ull like the infrastructure. A total family place. And very reasonable on pocket. The mud pie was too yumicilious dont miss that..
Rated The food studio is a combo of a restaurant and a cafe! And has a very nice interior. I loved the huge frame of the palm beach road! Coming to the food, it was quite decent but nothing very unusual. We ordered chicken saiwoo but I found it very sweet but the spinach with it was amazing! Also, a bit disappointed with chicken. It was very hard to bite. Service was slow as it was crowded. It was my friend's birthday so they gave a complimentary drink! It was a good time overall!
Rated Good service. Glass were refilled on time. Enjoyed IndvsPak match here. Was a loud crowd due to the match. Management was fine with it. Ordered: Paneer in garlic sauce Cheese balls (yummy!) Five spice veg with fried rice Ambiance: 3/5 Food: 3.5/5 Service: 4/5
Rated I was here last Saturday with my bestie... Heard quite a lot about this place so tried it out. Very mediocre... I must say. Not bad, but definitely not high up on the mark. The food was also very ok ok.. We went for the fondue and cottage cheese quesadilla. The fondue could have been better, it was simply white sauce with lumps of refined flour... It could have definitely been made better. The quesadilla how ever was good. What really struck out during the meal was the mint & cucumber mojito... Amazingly made... Right to my palate! The associates here are definitely extremely helpful and courteous.
Rated Noisy place to be in. Ambience is nice. Service is bang on. Waiters are polite in handling orders. Food is Authentic nd good but we were unlucky in ordering it.. We had ordrd Cheese Fondue which was blaand for us..
Rated A friend's b'day party bought us to this place and the whole experience was great. Starting with the ambience the place is not that big as I expected so one can't experiment with ambience a lot so it was a sort of ambience you expect in a fine dining restaurant. The food is what makes this place worth it, we ordered a range of dishes and all tasted great and presented beautifully. The desserts need a special mention because they're all great and must have. Overall this place is Worth a shot!
Rated Quattro Ristorante serves authentic Italian cuisine par excellence.. Located bang Opp Paladium Lower Parel.. It's in heart of Sobo's action... Friendly staff , very courteous from the time of entry till the bill is signed off...! Ambiance is very modern & having an open kitchen concept.. Their Food is delicious & well presented-- Ordered Risotto Palla which is crisp rice balls with Infused chilli oil syringe served with lettuce & Mayo dip..! Bruschetta & Garlic Bread with Aglio Olio is exceptional..! Tacos & BBQ Cottage cheese poppers are yum as well.. Pizza's are rolled in front of your eyes with a Wooden Fire Oven...Wafer thin base with generous toppings & served HOT...! Primavera- All Veggies Siliciano & Al Funghi - Mushroom Special Quattro Formaggio- All Cheese Pizza Alfredo & Pesto-- Pasta sauce based toppings.. Mediterranean - Spicy pizza with Veggies Ravioli Rose is a Pink sauce based Pasta delicacy.. Lasagne & Canneloni are made to your taste as well...! Fabulous place for Italian foodies
Rated Me and my food freak friends dropped at this place at around 10:15 PM in the middle of Navratras to honor the bit of religion that we followed. Proudly had i told my parents (who were elated about my vow of vegan-ism for those 9 days) that I had found a vegetarian place rated 4.2 above on zomato with an astonishing number of votes. But alas! Quattro was a bit of disappointment for me. FOOD : 3/5 We ordered the southwestern rolls, Risotto Pale, Mediterranean pizza, Ravioli Rose, enchiladas Grande and chocolate dunkers along with their virgin mojito and kiwi margharita. We were told that the south western rolls were no longer available which was a huge disappointment given that it is their signature dish ( This happened again with my friend when she visited at 7:30 PM on a saturday). The risotto pale was unique but not mindblowing and the pizza was average, nothing special. The ravioli was too sweet but tasted nice and was well cooked and stuffed. The enchiladas were great, definitely worth a shot. The chocolate dunkers were decent too, mostly because of their presentation. Another big disappointment was that most of their dishes were not available. We were asked to choose among 3 desserts inspite of seeing about 10 on the menu. The drinks were good enough. The presentation was creative on most dishes especially the chocolate dunkers (pictures attached). AMBIENCE: 3.5/5 The place is clean and simple and has a lively feel to it. SERVICE: 4/5 The service was also decent apart from the in-availability of a lot of dishes we were mostly satisfied with the service. MUST HAVE: Nothing really ! (maybe because I still haven't been able to taste the south-western rolls and a lot of other things. Will probably give the place another shot given its rating and try a lot more dishes)
Rated Located opposite the much acclaimed Phoenix Mills in lower Parel. Quattro ristorante is one the best in that area when it comes to Decent sit down and eat food. Especially if you are visiting it with a group of friends. Quattro ristorante, one of the four hotels grouped under Lemon Chilli, is the truely fantastic. Food: So it started with "Nachos Grande" we ordered two portions, since we were 9 people and boy it was fantastic, it was indeed grande, however I might add, it was not one of most awesome nachos I've had in Mumbai, but it ranks amongst the top 5, too cheesy, and liquidy made some of its crispness lost. However, the portion was justifying for the cost. Than came the "Bruschetta", perfect simply perfect, flavour was there, and so was the taste, topped wid 2 slices of cottage cheese, wid cherry tomatoes, and some green foam (whose taste was hardly felt, maybe attraction value), was amazing. Over the main course.. We decided to have BBQ cottage cheese pizza, straight out of the wooden oven, another classic act, perfectly cooked, crispy and of course tasty. However, since I'm quite accustomed to the usual trend of the pizza sauce being sour and spicy, the pizza sauce at this place took me by surprise, when it turned out to be a little sweet, whilst I didn't find it spicy, but then what are chilly flakes for ! One of friends came up wid one of the must have dishes through the Internet, and so we ordered that, the dish was " Risotto Palle", classic cheesy Risotto balls fried and served with injectable Chilli oil, certainly a run for the money, tasty and flavour full plus the added showcase-ness make you feel happy. We had a no. Of Virgin Drinks at this place, "Mango Basil Smoothie", " Mint Cucumber Mojito", "Ginger watermelon Mojito", "Kiwi Cola", whilst all were great, the Kiwi COLA stood above being the best of all. Surely a to be tried thing. I would also say, they served some of the awesome chutney platters I've had in Mumbai, there were 8 sorts. I won't describe them, I would ask you to go there and taste them. Something definitely to look forward to. Ambiance: The ambiance as is the food Top-class ! The service is smooth, the staff is really good too, they themselves know what they are serving, unlike many fine dines where the staff is usually clueless. I did require assistance on the chutney platter I mentioned above, and the guy on staff gleefully helped.
Rated I had actually just heard about and finally I went here yesterday for dinner with my friends. I loved the food and the ambiance. The service was very good here. The staff was very friendly. It's more famous for Mexican food. It's a very good place to visit and some good vegetarian food here. It has good variety of Mexican , Italian food. I love the nachos and pizza here. And my friend thanked me for getting him here. I had just heard of my friends saying that here the food is good so the food is good. I would definitely recommend ppl to visit this place
Rated We had been to Quattro Ristorante quite recently and have been glad to discover the makeovers of traditional Italian and Mexican cuisines there. The service here is impeccable and the waiters suggest how much would be adequate and do not just fool you into buying more than you need. The ambience is dim and calm and gives a warm feeling. Coming to the food, it is one of the best vegetarian Italian cuisine you can have in Mumbai. The only drawback I find is, it does not serve non veg. For soups, we tried The tomato with roasted corn and ravioli - it was a nice twist to the age old tomato soup wherein the deep fried croutons were replaced with a healthier spinach and ricotta ravioli. It was accompanied by an olive bread and a miniature multigrain bread and a dollop of butter Aerated Mushroom and leeks - the soup was thick and reach and lukewarm. It was the exact temperature to be hot enough to enjoy without burning the tongue. As for the taste, it was pretty much like any cream of mushroom soup you would have in a restaurant. For appetizers, we had Garlic Bread - warm and cheesy but pretty much the way you find it in all restaurants Smoked Cottage Cheese in a jar - these were cottage cheese balls in a glass jar filled with barbecue smoke! The crunchy texture and the rich smokey flavor took us on a treat literally. Risotto Palle - it is one of their signature starters where a crunchy ball of cheesy Rice is served alongside a delicate complementary dip and injected with chilli oil pippete style droppers. Filo Parcels - The presentation of the dish is very tempting with the parcels arranged around a flame in the centre of the plate and the taste is good but nowhere close to the other two starters. All things considers, it fared pretty average. Our main course included Alfredo pizza - it was a white pizza and was a welcome variation from the tomato Basil based pizza. The crunchy texture of the thin crust coupled with a generous load of cheese and sweet corn left is wanting more. Risotto Funghi - the flavors are very delicate and the rice, unlike the risottos at most restaurants, is not at all mushy or pasty. Drizzle some of the olive oil from the table and there would be nothing like it! The best part, the desserts included :- Dehydrated Chocolate Mousse - it had Mint ice cream accompanied by thin milky chocolate flakes. Chocolate Saturn and Hot Chocolate Soup - This dessert is a must have, especially for those who have a weakness for chocolate. The white chocolates filled with mango Jelly are a favorite with kids. Chocolate dunkers - it is served as an artists pallette! The vanilla ice cream was normal, the chocolate bars in Filo were pretty good. The strawberry Sauce was just average but the chocolate and caramel Sauces and mint caviar were the excellent accompaniments. Bianco Semifreddo - it is like an easter egg full of sugar, spice and everything nice. Its basically a white chocolate she'll with edible golden paint on the outside and filled with cranberry and white Chocolate mousse. A bit on the sweeter side than most desserts, it's definitely a desert that I would come back for. The complementary dark chocolate Truffles were the best thing to to the meal off. Ambience 3.5/5 Service 5/5 Food 4.5/5 Price 4/5
Rated I love Quattro! They have the finest Italian food I've had in Bombay. The ambiance is perfect, the service is impeccable and the food is too good. We started with Filo pastry which was quite good. I then devoured a Penne Arrabbiata by myself. I love my Penne Arrabbiata and I want it to be perfectly tangy and Quattro's Penne Arrabbiata was everything I wanted. Before mentioning what we had for dessert, let me say that they have the best dessert menu in town. We ordered the chocolate Saturn which was to die for. As if that wasn't enough, I came here twice just for the dessert. Had the Pebbles and the Chocolate Explosion. The Chocolate Explosion is the finest thing I've seen ever. The way they present it to you on the table is worth every penny. Quattro is a gastronomical experience that everyone must experience.
Rated This place is located exactly opp phoenix mall, u will get all veg restaurant here like spice klub, rolling pin, riso & this one quattro, but quattro is my one of d fav restaurant in this all, some dessert served here is so amazingly, taste of Italian cuisine was mouthwatering, service was also good, wonderful experience for me.
Rated One of the best places to eat your pizza's and pasta's! Wonderful set of pizza's.. The grande nacho pizza being the tastiest of the veg collection and the classic jalapeño Mac n Cheese is ofcourse the tastiest thing I've ever had. Give it a try, it's an awesome place to enjoy a chill lunch/dinner with a bunch of friends. Also, the ambience, service and quality of food is fantastic.
Rated I'm not a pizza fan. But this place pizza's are pretty good. Really innovative and must try pizza's. Few of my favorites are:- nachos pizza, fruits of the jungle pizza, peri peri paneer pizza🍕 Would like to see more of the starters on the menu. Desserts are pretty average. But all together a cute nice place with good food. Francesco's Pizzeria #mustcomehereplace
Rated A mediocre safe space where the taste is as subtle as its pricing.....it does give the restaurant quality food but nothing that you haven't had before..the anti-pasti was really delicious, which was pared with a decent pizza and equally lacking cheese cake...you don't exit this place with a smile but nor with a regret..
Rated Lovely interiors. The seating was very very comfortable. The staff was SO cooperative and quick. My phone was running out of battery. They even got me a charger. The staff was really kind and quick but. So coming to the food part. Loved the food. Was a Saturday evening. So my friends and I thought it was okay to splurge on a fancy pizza place. It's worth it once in a blue moon. But totally worth it. Thin crust pizzas are scrumptious. So we ordered for a mushroom zucchini one. They were generous enough with the mushrooms. We ordered for a risotto. The quantity of the risotto was really good. Again this was with mushroom and cheese base. You must must must try the red velvet waffles here. They're simply bliss. They come with three toppings. Honey, chocolate and maple. They also give ice cream and whipped cream along with it. It'll leave you with a sedated feeling.
Rated Situated at the High Street Phoenix, this is one outlet that’s hard to find. We felt like sweeping through a labyrinth of mazes after having finally located the outlet. This place was full when we arrived and were requested to wait for 20 mins., which was a sure sign of the pizzeria’s popularity amidst it’s competition. Décor: 4.0 I absolutely loved how the overall design played with an idea of combining the mill architecture achieved through the retention of exposed beams, stucco painted bricked walls and factory windows with hints of vintage that resonate through the use of oversized couches at the entrance, carved chairs in bright red colours & side stations that one would find at a typical victorian home. The décor receives a definite thumbs up. A word of advice though: - Please do avoid the oversized arm-chairs at the entrance as these were highly uncomfortable and I had to practically sit upright throughout my meal without a back support. How I wish that I asked one of the courteous servers to shift us over to one of the tables flanked by comfortable dining chairs. Food: 4.5 We placed an order for the following:- 1) Beverages: A) Banana Caramel Milkshake & B) Tiramisu Iced Tea Of the two beverages that we tried I’d highly recommend the Banana Caramel Milkshake for it’s wholesome goodness of cream, caramel and chunks of bananas 2) Antipasti: Garlic Ciabatta Mini Loaf with Cheese The slices of bread were fresh, smelled amazing with the generous smearing of garlic butter on top with the molten cheese. 3) Pizza: The Notorious Nachos Polls If one married a plate of Topped Nachos replete with Re-Fried Beans, Spicy Chicken & Salsa with the humble Pizza Margarita the outcome would be the “Notorious Nachos Polls”. I loved the idea of having two of my favourite fast food dishes served on a single plate. So if you ever face a dilemma of choosing between Mexican & Italian you know where to head. ;) 4) Pasta: Fettuccine with Chicken & Porcini Mushrooms This pasta in particular is highly recommended. If one chooses to opt for a Pizza or Pasta I’d suggest that one opt for the above. The sauce was highly flavorsome with just the right consistency & creaminess. The pasta cooked to perfection and the chef was really generous with the mushrooms and chicken. 5) Desserts: Francesco’s Signature Broffle We finally arrive to the star of the meal. Their signature dessert needs no introduction. A combination between a Brownie and Waffle this dessert won our hearts over. Served with Choc. Sauce, Syrup and Ice-Cream the Broffle was sinfully indulgent, and highly recommended. Stay away if you’re a gym freak though. A single serving would have you running the treadmill for a couple of hrs. for sure. Service: 4.5 The servers are polite, highly attentive and do know their menu. A few queries here and there weren’t reciprocated with blank faces, which was a definite relief. V.F.M: 4.0 We opted for a prefixed menu through WOW Tables which did not include the 02 Beverages. The Starter, Pizza, Pasta and Dessert worked up to 1200/- All Incl. which albeit steep was worth, considering the presentation, portion sizes & flavour.
Rated A really cute place adjacent Palladium mall. Rugged yet pretty white brick walls. Bright lights over every table. The concave mirror kind of thing on the walls. I just loved this one! The mix and match chairs. Interiors- Very nicely done! Mhmmm the food ! For starters, we had Panzerotti. Looked like a karanji. But inside the covering there was loads of cheesy bliss with seasoned mushrooms. The red sauce and the flavoured mayo which was served along with it totally enhanced its flavour. Also, the dish was well presented. #mustHave Coming to what they are famous for! Their pizzas. Peri peri paneer pizza - Thin and crispy crust. Loads of well marinated paneer. Lime flavoured mayo spread and loads of cheese. The flavoured mayo gave a really nice twist to the pizza. #mustHave Fetuccine and porcinni mushroom pasta - Pasta in creamy white sauce. I found it a little bland. That's how italian cuisine is suppose to be. But my friends loved it ! They do not serve veg lasagne. So we ordered the chicken lasagne and totally regretted the decision. Totally bland and extremely dry. No flavour at all. It had become a task for us to complete that dish. The best part of the entire meal - BROFFLE!!! #mustHave Waffles made pieces of browie in it. Accompanied with thick chocolate sauce, maple syrup and vanilla ice cream. Heaven!
Rated This place looks beautiful with good ambiance. The food is tasty. Although, I didn't have much. Just a slice of pizza but that too was lovely. Pricing, yeah, a little heavy on pocket at times. Desserts, were good too. Service, really good. They can do better but i was not disappointed. Will I visit again? Definitely yes.
Rated A small and cozy joint along the bylanes of phoenix mills and has a italian bistro feel to it. Ordered tomato basil soup, peri peri chicken pizza, chicken bbq pizza and a virgin mojito to wash it down. The tomato basil soup was refreshing, warm and unlike the tomato puree conconction expected. The peri peri chicken and bbq pizza were the show stealers. The dough was fresh and so were the ingredients. The pizzas were saucy with good toppings and very filling. A must visit.
Rated As much as I don't want to be partial while writing this review, I have to be because of my everlasting and undying love for the crust and texture of Domino's Pizza. Francesco Pizza isn't bad, it does the job of filling up your pizza cravings. We ordered a large Pepperoni Pizza coz Pepperoni is Pepperoni. Although it looked delicious and it actually was to some extent, the amount of oil/butter that went on to make the pizza was way too much. I almost got full, with just a slice of Pizza. That never usually happens. I shall update this review once I get ahead on the menu.
Rated Got new and fresh place to have pizza n pastas. Overall all best in taste, ambience is gr8 , service was good. Specially you will get whole wheat pizza. Diet lovers you can have now 😉. Had ordered chicken Africano peri peri and rays veg ultimate. Both pizza were awesome, had tried pasta also but it was ok may be I had in veg dats y 😝. All pizza lovers should try once. Great place
Rated Awesome! They write on their delivery boxes " slice from heaven" and I think it's 1000% true!! The Medium crust classic pizza melted in our mouths. It was piping hot when it reached us, & stayed that way for quite some time which is rare. The service is great, all waiters are smiling. It's just a small place so possible not to get space to sit on weekends. The sandwich was okay, I would suggest going for pizza & garlic bread here.
Rated Very very cute though small place... It is amazing how they have managed to make almost a small Italian pizzeria look and feel in the heart of Mumbai. As soon as you enter you get the smell of fresh dough and amazing tomato sauce. We went ahead and ordered the Pizza with chicken marinated in Spicy Peri Peri sauce. The chicken pieces were perfect size and splattered all across the pizza at almost equal intervals. The 9" thin crust 100% whole wheat pizza was really nice, almost as good as those at Pizza Express, at 60-70% of the price. For me the kicker was the Hearty Vegan pizza. For the first time I decided to try a pizza without cheese (gasp!). While it originally came with it's toppings of spinach, basil, artichoke hearts and garlic, I requested for an addition of caramelised onions, which they were happy to accommodate. Surprise surprise! The pizza was absolutely yummmm! The base was nice and crisp and the mixing of the tomato sauce with the toppings was delectable! The 100% whole wheat crust did not make any difference and just gave the psychological edge of being healthier. The only hitch - for people with our appetite, a 9" thin crust might not suffice for a full meal. 2 pizzas + 1 additional topping cost us just Rs. 790 AI. (Absolute value for money!)
Rated Not a restaurant that u will be able to spot so easily. On hill road just behind mamagoto. Small place with an AC and open section One of the best place for thin crust pizza. It literally melts in your mouth. Fire and smoke Mexican flame Creamy pesto Work sandwich Service is polite and well trained staff. Definitely recommend this place for a pizza. It's definitely worth it
Rated Tucked behind mamagoto in bandra this place specializes in pizzas. Ingredients were absolutely fresh especially the sauce and the cheese the main 2 ingredients. We ordered jalapeno garlic bread,cheese garlic bread and bruschetta on the sides and they were perfect with lots of fresh garlic on top. Lasagne was very OK. Nothing much to write about.Pizzas are brilliant. If you're in the mood to indulge in pizzas this is the place to be. Ambience is very pleasing too with separate outdoor seating.
Rated Located behind mamagoto in bandra.. It seems to be a hidden gem.. A cozy little place.. With decent ambience.. Pizzas are a must have here.. Pizzas are available in 3 different sizes.. 9inch 12inch 16inch.. And 4 different crust.. Pizzas were really nice.. Also sandwich options too are pretty nice..
Rated Loved the quaint pretty place with subtle European decor. In terms of the epicurean feedback, not much to recall. The shakes and entree are pretty good however pizza lovers wouldn't find it meaty enough!
Rated The simplest of the pizzas at @rayscafe1 that is margherita and basil pizza is so well made and so delicious! . . Ray's Pizzeria and Cafe is a quaint little place, set hidden in the streets of Hill Road, Mumbai. The decor is gorgeous, with little flowers welcoming you in the open seating area, and a small cottage for the air conditioned seating. The pizzas, are freshly made in front of you, in their English style open oven. Worth a visit definitely! For more updates , follow me at @eatbeforeyoueat on Instagram !
Rated When I ask for a Mac n cheese idk why it was never mentioned that I'd be charged for the cheese. Like Seriously? Isn't cheese already supposed to be one of the main components of the dish. Other than that I've had impeccable food at HRC though expensive for me. I'd come here to enjoy a meal listening to Metallica and The Doors playing in the background. Cuz for me, music is above all and HRC is meant for music and it's rustic vibe.
Rated So I was here for our Team appreciation lunch yesterday. Had heard a lot about the vibes of this place. We were a group of 8 that tried their buffet. The spread of the buffet was not extraordinary but it was quality nevertheless. The place has a very good and enjoyable ambience. Although, I am fully aware that this place is much better in the evenings than afternoon, it still was quite enjoyable in the afternoons. The buffet started with some tomato and basil soup and about 3 salads. There weren't any starters which raised a couple of eyebrows but the main course was good enough. All in all, a good place to visit. No complaints whatsoever .
Rated Been my favourite since the beginning of the time. Real musical heritage. Yummiest burgers n all the types of food they serve are filling n yummy. Very peppy staff. Cool parties.
Rated Its said Music has power as strong to put your mind at ease and the other day this place really made me feel it. Nothing extraordinary in terms of music, its plain rock music but its the space, decor and ambience which gives a very relaxed feel. Themed around rock music, its the place to be for rock music lovers. We were here with some office colleagues during happy hours and had multiple rounds of Cocktails and Mocktails. While all ordered was quite appreciated on the table, I quite enjoyed my Peach Iced Tea and Double Berry Cooler. Must say the service was great and the staff was very friendly and helpful. To munch we ordered for Non veg platter, Fries and Nachos Palooza Vegetarian. I would say I wasn't particularly impressed with the Nachos. Fries was quite nice. To our surprise we were served Brownie and Vanilla Ice Cream with compliments. And it was simply awesome. I will want to come back here to try some more things on the menu. But the experience with food, puts me in two minds.
Rated This place is the haunt for all parties / celebrations as it's right next to office. People make the place while ambience adds to the flavor. The staff here seem to be highly motivated for they have a chilled out go for the grabs attitude. While drinks are the same everywhere, the food variety is awesome. The A-La- Carte menu is great and so is the set menu. A must visit place. A lower score is on account of managing service for a group >5-6 Cheers Amit
Rated Our usual "Team Lunch" place. Well to start off, always liked the ambiance HRC offers. The guys are warm & friendly, but usually tend to forget orders or delay it. Puts off the mood at times. This time we had haystack salad, Mediterranean chicken spaghetti and a juicy chicken burger. Food is something i really like what they offer, but this time i was blown away. Tried the desserts- apple pie, brownie and a cake slice. Wonderful! Fresh, tasty and appetizing food. Recommended for ppl who have inclination towards good food with some good music in the background.
Rated Great place to be on a Saturday night. Ask me, I've spent quite a few at Hard Rock. Happy place, happy people, happy staff, you just don't anything else. Wait, yes, the food, obviously! My pick of the lot would be Jumbo Combo Chicken which comes with an add-on for BACON (need I say more)!
Rated I would have given 100 stars if possible!! Went for a IND vs PAK match today.(Yes, We were lucky enough to get advance reservations!!🤘) God!! This guys are crazy.. Totally loved it there✌✌ Awesome people.. Drinks.. Food.. Service.. PERFECT!! It was so crowded but they were managing everything so good.. And the best part DANCE!!!! (I won't forget victory celebration.. CRAZY!!) YMCA... I'm coming back soon😘😘😘 U GUYS R BEST!!
Rated We went in here for Gourmet Day 2.0 courtesy WowTables for dinner. We had a set four course meal and we thankfully happened to get here just at the time of our reservation. The interiors and the ambiance of this place are great. They have a sprawling place right at Veera Desai Road and it's hard to miss. Although, I wish they'd do something to their doors - maybe add a door knob or two! Their interiors have a very rustic yet sophisticated charm that I really love. Their cutlery is great as well but it would be nice if we were given cloth napkins instead of paper towels. We called for the Garlic Bread with Cheese for starters. The bread was decent but just three pieces were too small a portion size. Also I felt there wasn't enough cheese for the bread. Our next course was an option between Pasta or Salad or rissotto. We option for the Rissotto with Mushroom and Chicken. The rissotto was made with very nice quality rice you could tell, coz each grain was so fluffy and wholesome. The sauce was pesto and we felt that it was a tad bit to dry, could do with a little more sauce. The rocket leaves added a great zing to the taste of the rissotto. This was followed by the pizza which we were warned at the time of ordering, that it wouldn't be one of their classic thin crusts but we decided to go with it anyway coz it was the only Chicken option. The pizza was great, the crust though not their typical thin ones was not doughy and tasted wonderful. For our last course we chose the Raspberry Sorbet which was oh-so-delicious. The sorbet was pretty as a painting and had a fresh, zesty, lemony taste. The service was efficient and our server was kind and helpful. Definitely coming back here! thefoodauror.blogspot.com
Rated I have been a regular here and this literally is my favourite place for salads and pizza's. I feel like this place serves the best Pepperoni pizza in Bombay. Infact i went there just yesterday and tried their Sunrise Ice Tea (blend of orange juice, pineapple juice and ice tea) and fell in love with it. Absoultely refreshing !!! You should try this if you are a pizza lover !!
Rated Love the Roman pizzas here. Light and the taste of every ingredient comes through. Starters are great. So are desserts and drinks. Love the sense of space. One of my favourites for a lazy weekend lunch.
Rated Open space. Enthusiastic servers. And food that looks and tastes fresh. All of that with some great choices in the bar and u r all set for a repeat visit. Went here for post work drinks n munchies. Loved their salads - the warm veg and goats cheese salad was great as was the chicken salad polo. The chicken starter on skewers was served on a bed of olives and watermelon. Loved it ! And the pizza had the thinnest crust ever. Only grouse was that they were out of rocket leaves which was an essential component in all the things I wanted to order. However whatever was served was quite nice. And the chilled Bira beer was the perfect companion to all the great tasting grub. Cheers!
Rated Since the day I have had my first bite of pizza at pizza express there is no turning back.it's the best place to have pizza, you will forget about all the stupid pizza outlets.I have tried Pollo forza, Polpette Bolognese which are my favourites.Even their fresh home drinks are a must try! I think whatever they serve is the best.
Rated Place for a great pizza - yes How was the crust - thin but unlike papad Toppings - brilliant , juice meatballs Freshness of the toppings - the cheese just right quantity, the sauce was yum, onions crunchy Overall pizza - finished in 10 mins Happiness quotient - 10/10 hahahah
Rated Dough balls. All the pizzas. Desserts. Drinks. I love this pizza place. If you're an architect and a foodie you'll definitely love this place.
Rated Pizza express says it all its at the top of serving you fresh and hot wood fire oven's pizza's in town. We had ordered Hot american pepporoni pizza which was really good and we even ordered dough balls.. Well that is not that great suggest you to oder something else in terms of appetizers. But the pizza's do keep up to the expectation.. Great place.
Rated Had hosted our post wedding party. We were really impressed by their spectacular service. We were given a good dining area away from the crowd. It was like a private party. They serve the yummiest food. The staff was helpful and friendly.
Rated One stop destination to all problems. Has great food, spectacular service and in short, makes me very happy! The kababs are brilliant, so is the steamed fish in Singaporean sauce. I will not talk about price, yes slightly steep when it comes to seafood BUT its the price one pays for good food and service...every bit worth it 👍 I'm visiting them again, tonight. Their manager is very hospitable and always makes it a great dining experience. Friends or family, ideal place for any time of the day.
Rated One of the many posh restaurants near Juhu Beach, this one lives up to its number of stars. The ambience is great, with soft music and dim lights and an amazing decor. Service was great! 5 stars for our waiter and maître'd. We opted for a majorly South Indian based cuisine with Rawas in a spicy mangalorean curry and a mildly spiced Chicken Stew served with hot appams. The gravy was rich and delicious and the appams were soft and readily melted in the mouth. The starters were great! Corn-mushroom-broccoli chilly fry was a crisp, spicy and great dish. Chicken dimsums were mildly spiced and tasty. Dad enjoyed munching on a lot of corn chips :p bad habits die hard. We stuck to the classic cocktails (Cosmo and margaritas) and they were good. Overall a pleasant dinner! Thank you! (P.s. there was no room for dessert) 🙈
Rated If you are thinking of Fine Dine, it has to be Melting Pot. By far, they serve amazing Indian and Chinese cuisine. And this place is true to its charm, providing ultimate and sophisticated Fine Dine Experience with the brilliant taste, top class service, quality of food and the soothing aura. This place is on my favourites from last 4 year and the food never disappointed me, be it Chinese or Indian. They have a vast menu and every dish is worth to die for. ... Read full post on travellersdeliciouslife.blogspot.com
Rated A group of 9 + 2 kids. Ambiance: 4.5/5 Food: 4/5 Service: 3.8/5 Value for money: 3.7/5 Everything ordered was veg. The food was nice but felt nothing different, which ended up not justifying the price range of 500+ for subzi. But I would like to add that quantity is sufficiently large. On the service front I believe looking at price range the server must give some space and not come in every two minutes asking for kya lau (what more would you like?) . As people like to spend time together as much as eating at such places. Overall a nice place for lunch/dinner where whatever you order will neither excite you but surely not disappoint you.
Rated Pleasing ambience in the midst of juhu. Though Priced on the higher side it offers value through excellent service and food. A place to celebrate. We had patra chicken which seemed more like an inhouse recipe and the regular Indian dishes. No dish let us down.
Rated A nice cosy place for a family or friends get together. Went there on Sunday afternoon and the restaurant was occupied with groups, kitty parties, etc. The starters, main course were rich in flavours and well presented . Excellent idea of distinguishing veg and non veg guests with green and red coloured glasses and respective fine border on plates. This eliminates all issues regarding fussy veg guests. Service staff very courteous and prompt for up-selling and delivering their duties. The only issue what I felt was their overcharging the guest with 12.5% service charge which according to me is higher than any fine dine restaurant . I think the management should look into the same and come with a solution of not charging more than 10% as it is affordable with everyone. Had given the same feedback on their feedback form but didn't listen anything from the restaurant, kindly look into it. Thanks and keep up the good work.
Rated Visited Melting Pot on a Saturday night, called in at 7 pm hoping to get a table eventually got one at 10 pm. Sat outside where they seat larger groups of people, there was a particularly loud group of people which was annoying at times but I wont dock points since the food was absolutely brilliant. Our purpose of visiting Melting Pot was to consume as much chicken as we could. One of the few places in Juhu where you get really good food at a fair price. The service was good apart from one instance where our server forgot to take down the order of one of us which led to him waiting while the others ate(not me) Overall the place is really good with good food and service. The ambiance is better when you are not sitting close to large groups of people.
Rated Visit Day Date N Time:- Sunday, 31-Jan-16 n 1.30pm.. This place has nice Ambience.. Good Service..n variety of options fr both veggie n Non-Veggie.... Quantity n Quality both match each other... It ws my 1st visit at tis place n would surely like to visit again.. Suggest making Reservation if it's lunch or dinner on weekends.. as it ws full when we visited.. but we had reservation.
Rated This place has the yummiest food ever and a very fine dining family restaurant appeal. The north indian is one of the best i've had. Paneer is super soft. Also the honey noodles with ice cream here is heavenly. A proper family outing hotspot.
Rated Literally anything that you order here will taste excellent. As someone said over the course of the evening, 'you come here for lunch, come here at 6 pm, or come for drinks', you will have a good time! Oh, and they do seafood like no one else!
Rated This place is like my second home. I love the food here, it's very comforting and everything I've tried here hasn't failed to impress. They have good crowd and an excellent vibe. Makes this place an all rounder. The pastas, burgers, drinks, everything is great.
Rated It's in a corner in colaba with wooden interiors. The burgers are a speciality, we tried the Mexican one with fries. The desserts are all good and always a good place to chill at
Rated Lovely place !!!! This place offers amazing range of craft beers with amazing variety if food. Went there on a weekday with my hubby and bro. A cozy place with subtle music. Ambience - 5/5 Food - 4/5 Service - 4/5 Beers - 6/5 ;) Loved it !!!!
Rated It was a normal Monday night and me and my friends decided to visit Woodside Inn. To our surprise we had to wait near the bar for a table. Within 10 minutes we got our table. Since my friends were drinking, we decided on finger food. So we called for Lemon Thyme Canapes- this bite-sized-tart was amazing. Perfect amount of creamy lemon and chicken. Onion rings- One of the best rings I've had! Corn and Jalapeños croquettes- it was perfection. Gooey cheese and spicy. The dip complemented very well. For drinks, I had Peach Ice tea which was bit sweeter than I normally have and My friends had Corona. Definitely visiting again !
Rated Ambience 4/5 Looks like the inside of a Hobbiton Shire house. Cozy woodworks and a warm atmosphere. Food 4/5 The Crab Bruschetta and Chicken Nuggets were really good. Drinks 2/5 Have to a little careful experimenting with some of the international beer here, as a Paulaner I had here was a bit stale and made me sick.
Rated This place never ceases to amaze me... It's a hole in the wall and is always packed! Have been here many a times and it is always great to see the familiar faces that serve you and it is always because of them the place is packed! I was pleasantly surprised at the food this time around. We ordered the chicken tartlets, that were juicy and really well seasoned. Next we ordered the cheese and jalepeno balls, which I must say were out of the world. Lastly we got the cheesy garlic bread, which were better than the hundreds available out there!
Rated Great music and beers on tap, the cocktails were a little disappointing. The pizza was superb and the truffle fries are definitely the best in the city! The stuffed chicken as was okay and the calamari was a bit average. I would definitely go back for drinks and starters.
Rated I was not really keen on going to Woodside considering it is bit expensive but my friend dragged me here n all i can say is for good❤️.Well,they have a mon-fri lunch menu which is simply amazing and economical.We managed to try all the food with a glass of Sangria and a dessert for just 700 bucks with tax.Not to forget the Spinach Risotto was the best.The service was damn nice and the people catering to us were damn humble.In n out an amazing place for lunch if you are craving for some good Italian food!
Rated What to say about dis place its rating says everything. Old school type ambience. Loads of variety to drink. Friendly to pocket. Food reminds me of London. Burgers have huge portions. Home cut fries and the best colslaw. Fingers chips wer good too A perfect place for weekend relaxation. Wud loved to visit dos place again n again. And to end it we had biscuit ice cream at Rustom s. What a lovely day!!
Rated I've mostly ordered at home, and they've never failed in delivering the pizzas hot. The restaurant has a basic ambience, good enough to eat in. Pizza places actually don't need an ambience, you're there to eat pizza, and get back to your day. My favourites - Margherita - is always a classic. Love the cheese and tomato base. BBQ Chicken and Cheese with Mushrooms - Yum! Pepperoni - Love their pepperoni. Overall - their crusts are great, even if reheated on a pan the next morning, the base puree is enough to keep the bread moist, and their toppings are really good quality. All in all - Awesome!
Rated The best pizza I have ever eaten. I was left absolutely speechless. Everything about the Pizza is absolutely perfect. Be it toppings, fully loaded. Be it cheese, fully loaded. Be it their thick crust which many pizza chains get wrong, perfectly crunchy and tasty. Order any pizza you want, Joey's Pizza will not disappoint. And it does not leave a hole in your pocket. The place is a little difficult to find however, but it is absolutely worth it and a must-try if you're looking for food in Andheri.
Rated THE BEST PIZZA EVER IN MUMBAI !!!! Awesome pizzas filled with toppings to the brim accompanied with flavorful sauces.. We had called for garlic cheese bread - totally amazing And then we had called for half n half barbecue chicken pizza and meat overloaded pizza. True to the name, the pizza were overloaded with bacon, ham, pepperoni, sausages -- a meat lover's dream. we were in pizza heaven and we loved every minute of chowing down the pizzas
Rated Pizza's are amazing, avoid cheese burst/crust whatever they call it at all cost... It's the worst thing ever.... Rest all other preparations are great
Rated Legendary place for legendary pizzas... The best ever... Great quantity .... Superb taste ... Leaves you craving for more ... I think all their pizzas are really good... The all meat pizza is one of my favourites... Oh how I miss you joeys !
Rated I visited Joey's last November after hearing so much about it and reading the reviews. I'm a pizza fan and enjoy delicious thin crust pizzas. Joey's was a huge disappointment. I expected much more after reading Zomato reviews and seeing the ratings. The pizza wasn't bad, but it wasn't out of the world awesome either. It was a normal average good pizza, more suitable for college goers considering the pricing. If you're a thin crust crops pizza lover then Joey's is not the place. But if you're on budget and want a normal good pizza (not considering dominoes and Pizza Hut) then joey's your place.
Rated A small cozy Italian restaurant with authentic taste. We ordered Garlic bread delight, BBQ Paneer Pizza, Spicy Italiana and Arabiatta Pasta. All the dishes were delicious except Arabiatta pasta which was more spicy than expected. Just that there are less options in drinks menu , only aerated drinks are available. Rest its a must visit place for Italian lovers.
Rated Writing this review after quite a long time since I last visited this joint. This place was very much near to my PG and we used to go there almost every alternate weekend to satiate our taste buds with the Italian flavor that they cooked and also we were quite impressed with their name. And sometimes wondered that from where in the world they zeroed on this name? And once asked to one of the staff about the name and he was speechless for a moment before describing that he's a new staff and don't know about the name and only owners can tell us the idea behind it's name. Anyway, we were least interested in it;s name but it was the pasta which always attracts us to their place and we savor the taste as much as we can. Secondly, it was light on the pocket in comparison to other restaurants nearby and also peaceful. So, we go there and discuss a lot of things without giving a second thought that someone else might be waiting. Infact, no one ever waited because of us. Their staff was really courteous and understanding and know their Menu by heart, I would say. In case, you are new in Italian dishes and don't know much except pizza and pasta, they would be your first help for zeroing on any dishes. In short, they are awesome.
Rated Amazing pizzas and decent pastas.. This place used to be m Fav 2yrs ago coz of Lasagne pasta but now it has list it's charm for pastas.. Pizza ortolana is really Fab ! And pesto based soup too
Rated A small place in mulund which can't be noticed easily. Ambience is very simple with a beautiful wall picture. Menu has good variety of italian and mexican, plus everything is either cheap or reasonable. We were three and had Tacos, Creamy Stoganoff Pasta, Pizza Verde, Cream of Mushroom and Corn Garlic Bread (Must have!). Each and every dish was properly cooked! Then, Choco Lava Cake was like cherry on the cake. But they should work on their service, it is slow.
Rated This place is a surprise. Not very noticeable but great Italian food. It's under performance is because of its location. Great job by the chef while setting the menu right and give an authentic taste to food. Will be interesting to see if we can see some outlets in western suburbs as well.
Rated I'd been to their korum mall outlet few years back and loved their chicken lasagne. So thought i'd try out something different this time from their mulund outlet. Since this was a home delivery, was surprised to find a 30Rs "Packaging" charge in the bill. Now there was nothing extraordinary about their packaging, but the delivery guy was from some 'stopby' agency or something, which he mentioned had nothing to do with it. So curious to find out what that charge was about. Now to the food Had ordered their bbq paneer pizza, arrabiata pasta and cheese garlic bread. The pasta was good-ish, and was a bit spicy which i didnt mind. But nothing awesome about it. The pizza hardly had any paneer pieces, was almost non existent. But overall found it ok. The cheesy garlic bread was very average. Many other places offer better ones. Was disappointed knowing how tasty their lasagne is but other things in the menu arent.
Rated Stone oven! Everyday during my commute to office I cross this place and have been wanting to try it . and finally me and my friends decided to try this place. Firstly its a small place with a decent ambience. Service and the attitude of the waiters was good. The chicken BBQ sizzler was the first dish I ordered and this is definitely one of the best sizzlers I had. The chicken breast is filled with cheese and BBQ sauce and when you cut the chicken which in this case was cooked to perfection the cheese flows out making it so mouth watering. The fries and rice along with it was good adding to the succulent chicken sizzler . My friend ordered the pasta and the flavour it had was really toothsome and you can't keep you're hands off it. So of you're in mulund this place is definitely worth your time and money. Cheers 😁😎👏
Rated One of those restaurant which focuses on it's food more than the ambience just to make it look exotic. We ordered chilli cheese bread, bbq paneer pizza and continental sizzler. And I must say everything was delicious. The service is quite fast. And most importantly it's very light on pocket.
Rated Heard about this new place opened close-by soo thought if trying it out .. But it was quite a disappointment .. Going by the review on zomato, ordered a few things nd only the paneer barbecue pizza was good. The pan fried vegetables were over tangy nd full of bell peppers with 2-3 broccoli and carrots pieces, this could have been made better. And wouldn't recommend anyone to try out their lasagne. Had heard really good reviews about this place but it was a complete NO-NO for me!
Rated Visited this place on a Sunday afternoon. The place is very nice and ambience is good. The Manchow soup was very good and for starters had ordered Paneer Tikka...which was too good. Had ordered a Pizza for my kiddo and she loved it. It was large and very filling. Then ordered Tawa Paneer with stuffed Kulcha...both very good...alongwith Mojitos which were ok. The Veg Biryani was also ok..overall a good food experience..
Rated One of the awesome place I have been to... Food is extremely nice. The atmosphere is good. The staff isnt curtious enough to get things done fast. At times quantity is also less. Must try: khamiri rumali roti. :P
Rated Ended up here as 'The Food Studio' had a 60 min waiting & this place is really good. A perfect family restaurant. Good food. Very well trained & polite staff. Had a lovely meal here.
Rated My favorite restaurant in Mulund.. A fine dine resto bar.. Great ambience.. Good food.. Good service.. Staff is well trained (they have knowledge about each and every dish they serve) you must try Mughlai food.. Chinese..Continental and Italian won't disappoint you We had sizzlers.. Kabab platter.. Tawa murg Peshawari..good place for non vegetarians... North Indian food is great too.. You can visit this place anytime for good food..:-)
Rated If you are looking for a variety of food and the tasty food then must Visit this Spice lane restaurant which is at Mulund east.Quality and taste of the food was just awesome.We went over there on the birthday celebration of my friend.We all had variety of food like Pizza,Pasta,North Indian food.Starters were so delicious.Ambience was also nice.Service was little slow.But Must Try it.
Rated It can be called A Fine Dine Restaurant at mid range cost. This restaurant is huge located in Mulund, has big seating area. The place is well maintained. Everything from furniture to table linen to decorations, they all appear absolutely new. We went for lunch here, and found that they serve good food, and they have good variety. In case you are confused, take help from their staff they will suggest you awesome food. The service here is very good, they take care of all table etiquettes. They are well groom and courteous. Unlike other restaurants they serve starter and main course in different plates, i.e. they will replace your plate once you are done with the starters. In other similar restaurants they serve main course in the same plate in which you had starters. They have enough parking space, in front of the restaurant. There is a small garden also in front of the restaurant. In my opinion such restaurants should have more visibility.
Rated Had gone for my friend's birthday the hotel is near dmart of mulund. As we enter the hotel the ambience was awesome and on 1st floor on the end there is waterfall. As we go to food firstly we order a cheese corn kebab and machurian dry the taste of both the dishes were too good. Then we order paneer kadai and dal tadka naan n roti with customized pasta as we started eating it felts so yummy pasta n punjabi dishes taste was too good then we order a pizza and the size of pizza was big and was delicious and last but not the least order mocktails which we drink was super awesome. A must place to visit.
Rated Being the new year weekend, spice lane was our only option for dinner party...and it certainly didn't disappoint...Fish platter and chicken Peshawari is a must try..Great ambience and good food...the food service needs to be looked into...Overall a great resto to hangout with family..!!!
Rated Spice Lane is located right next to DMart on Mulund-Goregaon Link Road in Mulund West. They are known for their North Indian, Chinese, Continental, Malwani, Mughlai cuisine. I had been to this restaurant many times & still be visiting often. Sometimes with friends & sometimes with family. Its a nice place which plays soft music. I have tried their Sizzlers, Kebab Platter, Kadai Paneer, Tawa Murg Peshawari. Only issue I felt about it, is their seating arrangement. The sofa's are too low for the tables. Otherwise, its a best place for Mulundkars to unwind after work. This place can be a good option to take someone on a date. eatburp.com
Rated Decent place. Food not that spicy as published. Had to wait for 10-15min, which is fine. The lighting is too dim. Cant actually see whats on the plate. Good family Hotel.
Rated Pathetic service... It took 45 minutes to get soup and starters. Waiters don't seem to interested in you and manager doesn't give attention. The food came was actually quite tasty but not up to the mark...tandoori was watery and soup had big chunks of boiled chicken. Few of us got only one or two pieces of chicken in their soup while others got bowl full of it. Main course was good...and tasty. Mutton was perfectly cooked... Bt the slow service ruined our experience. If you have an amazing patience level.. Then its worth a visit.
Rated We were actually wandering in the area and actually quite hungry when we saw this restaurant. My thoughts for yesterday that we will try a new restaurant which is not that famous, so we went to it. And bingo, it came out to be one of the best in the area, though not frequented by many people. They have two areas, one outside and AC, ambience was quite good and simple but the use of light give it a quite decent look. Staff was really courteous and helpful. Also, they made sure that you order the quantity that you can have, and their suggestions worked really well. As we were only two, so he we don't want to order so much that we wouldn't be able to have. So we ordered pints beer and started our feast with chicken tandoori, later we ordered Biryani. Food : the good thing about then that they cook the food when you order, so it take some time to prepare but the taste overpower everything. The Tandoori Chicken was really cooked well in a good marination, no extra oil or spices, that we found sometimes, and believe me it was the best ever Tandoori chicken for me. Biryani : being a Biryani lover, I always prefer it over anything, and their Mutton dum biryani come out as one of the best of its type, they actually cook awadhi dum biryani, where rice was half cooked and Mutton/chicken are cooked separately and then they layer and dum it, so the taste come out differently than that of Hyderabadi dum biryani or kolkatan, but it's awesome. Mutton was cooked properly, spices were on tandem with the quantity and the best thing, that they prepared it once we ordered. So overall, a good place to be to have some authentic dishes, secondly fresh and cooked the way you want.
Rated I have been going to dream every other weekend. Their family section is very small, they have a separate section inside where they play matches on projector (spacious with nice placements), service there is very bad. Overall the food is good, slightly over priced. You can visit this place once in a while.
Rated Its not a popular restaurant in mulund but one should try it as the food is very good. My friend introduced me to this restaurant n i fell in love with kebabs served over here. They are very well marinated and cooked and the taste just keep whirling in your mouth. The biryani served here is as well good as kebabs. Madira kebab is one of the best kebab i have had till the date.
Rated Nice food and very well managed restaurant. Try the kebabs and Manglorian food served here. They are amazingly good.
Rated Its a really good italian joint in powai. We went for a friday night dinner. The place was packed but we got a table for two in 5 minutes. The staff are quite friendly and prompt. We had The orchiette with bacon ham and smoked sausages which was really really delicious. But i would ahve prefered if the bacon would ahve been a bit more crispy. It would have been a nice to bite something a little crunchy in the sea of pasta,ham and sausages. The mushroom fricassee was something i never had before. I usually love mushrooms so i loved this dish also. My only complain is why is the burger section available only till 7.00 PM!! Burger is a perfectly good dinner for many!
Rated One of the best Italian restaurants in the Powai area... Its child friendly and staff is very helpful in general. For the Veggies - Try out the pizza, pumpkin ravioli, jalapeno fondue. The mocktails are also simply great - try the passion fruit ice tea, guava watermelon..
Rated One of the best places for cheese cake, fondue and pizza. I have been going to this place for more than 4 years now and it never disappoints. This time we went and ordered Jalapeno and Sun-dried tomato fondue and Goat cheese stuffed Mushrooms in Barbecue Sauce and for drinks November Breeze and Virgin Mojito. The mushrooms were sumptuous and lip-smacking while fondue was amazing as always. The dishes were filling so didn't order any main-course. This was the first time I took my husband with me (hes from Delhi and I am from Mumbai) and he also loved this place. If there is one thing I wish to change then its the lighting. Its too dark and frankly the food is not visible. This place really needs to change the lighting arrangement asap.
Rated Nov 5 dinner: We have been to the Khar outlet multiple times and love the food. The Powai outlet is bigger and the ambience is warm and quiet. Jalapeno and sun dried tomato fondue was really good and goes well with your drinks. The stuffed mushroom with goat cheese and barbeque sauce tasted really nice. The flavour of the sauce was not overbearing. The kids loved the herb grilled chicken - not too spicy and neither bland. Among the mains, the cottage cheese steak was good. Also loved the mustard marinated sea bass fish. For desserts, we had tiramisu and mocha fudge cake. The tiramisu tasted a bit powdery and the topping was too hard. We have had much better tiramisu - a disappointment. However, the mocha fudge cake was divine. The service was good. Overall, a nice experience.
Rated I have been to mangii many times , but tried their breakfast menu for the first time. Its a must try menu. We tried baked beans with toast, corn potato rossi, buttermilk pancake, nutella sub, mushroom florentine. Everything was good, except i wished for more nutella and cream filling in the sub. It felt a little dry. It is moderately expensive but worth the money.
Rated This place has been very special n close to the heart. It's a very cute cafe, not very crowded back then. Don't know whats the scene now. But yes nice quite n cute place providing all the good food n soothing music with soothing lighting perfect for long long conversations.
Rated Food - 4/5 Ambience - 3/5 Service - 4/5 Value for money - 3.5/5 We visited this place for lunch after about 3 years. And our experience with food was pretty much the same ie really good food! This place has two sections, Indoor AC and outdoors. The indoor section though needs to be revamped as it feels a tad bit worn out. They give you a complimentary bread basket of assorted breads..really nice and fresh served with butter. To beat the summer heat we tried the mangii signature cocktail st. Tropez smash..very refreshing blend of vodka and watermelon! Next up we had the veg calzone verdure pizza..you can either have it stuffed or as an open pizza (we chose the latter). It's a nice thin crust pizza with a generous dose of veggies. Again very well prepared. Lastly, we finished our meal with Belgian waffles served with whipped cream and berry compote..good portion size and crispy, hot waffles! This meal set us back by INR 1575 incl taxes and 10 percent service charge. Do note that you get jet miles for dining here..I think it is computed as 4 miles for every 100 rupees spent, so don't forget to quote your jet privilege membership number at the time of billing. Overall verdict - Worth visiting for the food but ambience is strictly ok.
Rated Visited this cafe post a lot of recommendations but unfortunately the cafe did not live up to its name. Stuffed chicken was salty and pizza was so sweet we could have ordered it as a dessert. The only saving grace was the buffalo wings. To each his/her own I m never visiting this cafe ever again.
Rated Had gone long back, but did not get time to write a review. So here I am writing short nd quick review., ambience wise this place is awesome... I would prefer outside for little late night dinner eventhough it is very next to busy road Coming to food, I really enjoyed whatever we had ordered I guess it was soup, garlic bread (which I always ordered whenever I find it in menu) and pizza or noodles I am quite sure you will enjoy food here
Rated Exceptional place for a sit down brunch or quiet evening snacks. Superb pizzas and a very strong range of Italian food. Adequately priced for the very ambient atmosphere and a great view of the powai lake. Definitely one of the best sit in cafes in powai.
Rated Had ordered food from this place a few days back. Brilliantly cooked food! Absolutely amazing! Their dishes are priced between 200-300, which is absolutely worth it! We had ordered for a chicken wings, a peanut butter chicken sandwich, pollo penne (chicken) and a chicken burger. All the dishes were cooked brilliantly. The chicken pieces in the pasta were very tender and the patty for the burger; succulent. What impressed me the most was their peanut butter chicken sandwich. I never knew the two things that I absolutely love would taste so well together! The chicken wings were also amazing. The quantity is great, we actually could not finish all up. The delivery was quite fast. Will be definitely ordering from this place quite often.
Rated I ordered a Penne Arrabiata pasta from them and was not happy with the quality of food at all. The pasta was all broken up and and the sauce was extremely dry and lumpy. It looked like they had reheated some old pasta out of the fridge. It did not taste good at all. This was my first experience, and based on this I would not order again.
Rated I am actually on "Super-Diet" kind of thing and looking for Salad to get delivered nr my office. I have order from Sorriso and now I am a regular customer of them.. Enjoying all type of salads.
Rated Food was great. We ordered Penne Arabbiata Pasta with Chicken & Veg Burger. Packing is very neat. Overall Food Quality is very good. Nicely seasoned Pasta. Burger Size was very good and was provided with Mini Nachos. Overall a very good experience. Value for Money considering the Quality and Portion Size.
Rated Well i have to hand it to this place for surprising me, and I mean that in a good way! Found this pleasant surprise on the zomato online ordering platform and went ahead with ordering two meals. And both I would say lived up to its mark. Was ample in quality and quantity both. Delivery was prompt and on the time promised on the app unlike some other online orders i tried that came much later. I have ordered only once but I will surely order again very soon. Thanks Sorisso for the good food!
Rated We ordered their veg dishes - thousand island poutine, Zorba the Greek pizza and Pesto Pasta. Thumbs up to their pizza and pasta. Nice thin crust and lovely flavours, pizza was almost perfect. Pesto pasta too was equally good, but was floating in butter. If you are health conscious, then you want to give them instructions on use of less butter. Thousand island Poutine was just about okay. It's basically French fries with thousand island sauce on it. Din enjoy the dish much. But overall I believe the food was good and worth the money.
Rated If there would be no board , you would never know this place existed , its a hidden gosta , a complete trippy place with a full goan vibe , with awesome burgers there chicken gostana , butter chicken and beef burger are good. Zizou, there cute doggy just makes you smile .
Rated At a friends house in khar , somebody said 'whats that place we ordered from a couple of days back , where the burgers were amazing?' Figured out it was gostana . Decided to order from there .. 35 min later ... Nice packing but not so nice burger . The buns were nice n fresh but inside was just so regular . No innovation at all. Btw i ate the gostana burger. So ordinary .
Rated A small cafe - only for friends ! A close friend of mine took me here. We had been planning of visiting this place for sometime. 1. It's a small place with two cosy tables, loads of games, light music, peace and a playful dog - Zizou for your company. 2. The place is clean and hygienic. Presentation of food is decent. 3. Staff is homely, friendly and courteous. Its gives you a feeling of a friendly neighborhood cafe thriving on relationships and friendships. 4. We tried burgers which were good. It's a good place to chit chat and spend some time with friends. However, good luck locating the place :D
Rated This place is quite literally a hidden Gem and is located behind the building premises that house it. 👽 The restaurant look more like a pub or a place that you go for a drink than a restaurant. There are just 3 tables and seats to host a comfy 10-12 people. We were welcomed by the Owners dog (Zizou🐕) who keep you entertained till you order get ready. The pace is littered with Rock Memorabilia with adds a hint of nostalgia for any rock fan. We ordered 2 burgers i.e. Lamb & Beef Burger both priced at Rs 300. The preparation quite surprised us. The Burger comes with a healthier option i.e. Sweet Corn and salad instead of the traditional oily fries. Appreciate this from the owner. You also have an option of whole wheat and multi-grain bread for your burgers. The beef Burger was the best as the meat was very tender and is well marinated with the sauces. 😚😍 The lamb burger is kheema based as opposed to chunks and is pretty good. Con : The only con of this place is the price which is quite steep when you compare it with the quantity. Final Comments: Worth a visit!!!👌
Rated This place is a hidden treasure serving the best quality of burgers. It's featured in kickass burger and hidden gems its 100% correct. I ordered the butter chicken burger it was just fabulous. The quantity of burger is quite filling. The place is very small with just 3 tables but staff is very polite.
Rated It's a tiny little place with only three tables.. hearing the name I expected to be a traditional bademiya kind of the joint but it is actually quite funky with rock music posters, memorabilia and a in house dog.. don't worry the dog seemed to be well trained and well fed :) It's the burgers which give the place it's reputation though. We had three burgers.. the beef burger was made with a mince meat patty and was tender with full of flavours.. the chicken burger was ok.. the patty was a bit dry.. the lamb burger was amazing.. the patty had a galauti kabab taste to it.. all burgers were served with corn.. I would have preferred potato wafers.. This is a definitely a place worth visiting if it's burgers you are looking for..
Rated Firstly I'd like to say that Gostana was so very difficult to find. There wasn't even a good enough sign board to direct us. It is located behind the building premises. Anyways Gostana surely is a promising place. Their burgers are exclusive and differently delicious. Also it's one of the few places in Mumbai that is pet friendly, and they even have some grub for pets. Would surely visit again.
Rated This place is like a hidden treasure! Getting here was a bit difficult, considering it's not on the main road. But with a little effort, we got in. The place has an amazing homely ambiance. Games, musical instuments, books them all.The best part about this place is their Dog Zizou. The food is average. The stuffing in the lamb burger was amazing, with all the spices on point, although the bread seemed quite dry, but with the Raita it tasted amazing. The Gostana Chicken was a little disappointing. The drinks were fairly good. The food may not be over the top, but I'll definitely visit again, only to see Zizou.
Rated I have been a regular here since Gostana first opened in the small lane opp Bagel Shop, then to Pali naka where Indigo Deli now stand and then finally to its now 3 year old spot near Elbo room Bandra. Gostana is literally my second home and strangely I realised that I had never reviewed the food there! . Kind of feels like reviewing my moms food Lol:p I have eaten everything on the menu multiple times and have phases for months when I would only order a particular dish. So starting from my Phase 1 : The Lamb Burger. A stellar "kheema"Ish mutton patty with the Gostana signature sauces available in multiple bread choices, whole wheat, multi grain etc...served with kachumber sauce... Mind blasting! Phase 2: The Egg burger: This is the best anti hangover dish I have eaten. The feel good factor of eating omelette pav on a cold Delhi morning combined with the clean steamed Gostana style! Highly recommended for Eggetarians. Phase 3 : The Hot Dog- The best hot dog I have eaten in India. Honestly the best,! So good that i t gets sold out more often than I get to eat it. Its available in different sauces but I stick to the standard regular flavor. For a bhukkad like me I need 2 . Best for a light meal or an in between snack. Phase 3 : The Buffalo Burger :- Yes its beef but not cow. This was a very loooong phase for me as for about a year I only ordered this . Its my second best dish in Gostana. Its not a beef patty but more like pulled beef kinda vibe... But the sauces and the beef combo is out of the world. Phase 4 :- Uhh I am stuck on this phase for longer than the beef Burger... THE BUTTER CHICKEN BURGER!!!!! JUST EAT IT!!!!!!! The only butter chicken which tastes better than butter chicken in punju restaurants... And coming from a Punjabi trust me on this. For vegetarians try the Butter Paneer burger. My number one dish . ! Highly highly recommended. I can go on and on about the chicken ranada, the hummus, rummus , the salads , coolers etc etc etc... Oh btw all the food is steamed and fat free for the calorie counters. And for all pet lovers you can come with your furry friends . ( I actually met a pet owl there!) So if you want to have a chilled out scene with friends or come for a quiet dinner with your significant 2 legged and 4 legged others come to Gostana. Oh and free WiFi too :D
Rated We've been to PizzaExpress several times in the past. Surprisingly, our friends had not tried this. Pizza in India is still dominated by the likes of dominoes and pizzahut apparently - and mainly home delivery. This is a nice fine dine place that offers the purist Pizza/Pasta. Purist because for instance they don't offer corn as a topping! The Romana (thin crust) pizzas are amazing and we always go for them. You can do half-n-half. The Berry Fresca is a must try in beverages. The one thing to improve would be the menu itself. Some innovation is now overdue and wouldn't hurt. A tad expensive, but the pizzas are well worth it.
Rated We had Dough balls doppio which is pizza express well known dish the dips which are being served with it are good and are perfect combination to have with dough balls 2)Pollo forza We had pollo forza pizza .we wanted to have something spicy and they suggested this one 3)Blueberry semi freddo it was served with cream layer on top blueberry sauce sandwiched in between and blueberry icecream in bottom Overall i would rate 3.5/5
Rated Great place, definitely try the soho. Super service. I am a regular here whenever i am in the city. One of the best quality pizzas inspite being a chain.
Rated We went here on Sunday !! And the place was quite empty..only 3-4 tables were filled up... So we ordered their famous starter dough balls dappio..it got over in 2-3 mins !! Then we ordered Calabrese, the famous Italian pizza the most costliest pizza I ever had till date !! No value for money ... It's too costly.. If your planning to go then be ready to pay 25-30% tax on your food you order 😓😪
Rated This restaurant was very empty with just about 4-5 tables full considering a Friday evening... Wonder how! We started with the ever so famous dough balls which came with three dips... Very soft and melts in your moth... It got over within a minute of being placed on the table. Next we went for a Margarita pizza loaded with toppings... me and my friend wanted different toppings and they refuse to do half and half pizzas :( except for half n half different toppings over margarita! So we took that! Alongside that we also called for garlic breads with cheese. What came on the table was beyond imaginable.. Delicious is just an understatement!
Rated We stepped in here for lunch. The place is quite spacious and open. Food here is awesome. We had 1 watermelon salad, 1 aata balls starter and 1 pizza. They were awesome. We didn't want to rush in so we took our time and sat there. Their starters and pizza are incomparable. Whoever is fond of Italian cuisine, crash in here for sure. We just had wine, so nothing much about the drinks but the combo of wine with pizza felt amazing and really tasty. Service is okayish. It's a little slow sometimes, we had to wait for sometime but as we had enough of time and we didn't want to rush so it didn't matter. But if someone wants to have quick bite, they will have to work on that part too. People there are friendly and efficient. They had proper knowledge of their food on the menu. Ambience is cool. Semi private kind of tables, sofas everything, comfortable sitting and bright lights. I just love this place, I have been to other outlets as well. They have amazing food and good service. Music was light, it was perfectly suiting the cuisine and the time. Overall I would rate - Food - 5/5 Drinks - 4.5/5 Service - 3.5/5 Ambiance - 3.5/5 Cost worth - 5/5
Rated Its okay. Siruated at Times Square in Saki Naka, i found this outlet to be okayish. It was relatively empty on a Saturday evening, a surprise. The person taking the order was not very well versed with the whole Menu and we had to repeatedly tell him to suggest only Veg options. Nevertheless, staff is courteous. My kids enjoyed making the Pizza themselves. The dough balls were good, especially both the Pesto sauces with it. The Caprese pizza and Pesto Promono were bith very good. The Hot fudge with Ice cream was alright. The place isnt for people looking for VFM options though
Rated This place has beautiful ambience and excellent food. Just in love with their pizza and desserts. The staff is very friendly. They have this meal for two which is very good to try.
Rated Hit N Run', nope I am not talking about Salman Khan, it's a new place I have found near by my office. On a lazy Saturday Lunch I have got bored of having normal subji and chapatis and try some kukkad. So, without wasting time I checked it God of Food App Zomato and ordered Chicken Mexican Shawarma, Chicken Shawarma and Chicken Tikka Biryani. Both the Shawarmas are great. Excellent in taste. It was so filling and delicious , although I actually forgot to clicked the pictures of Shawarmas and started having it. Shawarmas are pocket friendly too, its totally worth for money. Chicken Tikka Biryani is average. But in comparison with others, the place and price they've offered it's good. Still I would think they can do it more better. Overall, nice place to eat, quality food at affordable price without burning a hole in your pocket. Also, service was quick and commendable. Reached my order at my office in just 25 minutes. P.S : Recommended try their Lebanese Food.
Rated I loved the shawarma. It was really nice and affordable too. Also for the other food preparation, it was properly prepared. Didn't have much expectations cause I thought they are good at only 'Lebanese' but turned out they weren't bad. A good place for affordable food
Rated Small place, decent set up, good Lebanese food but no ambiance. We tried chicken shawarma, open Dajaj shawarma and Dajaj chicken. Both the shawarmas were good. Well cooked and an awesome flavoured humus. Probably the best humus I've tasted in Mumbai. Light to the pocket and overall a satisfying experience. Also, Mughalai seemed tempting. Will visit for another experience there. Food: 4/5 Service: 4/5 Ambiance: 2.5/5
Rated Great place on the eastern jogeshwari side to grab good North Indian and Mughlai food! For spice lovers, have the Lucknowi chicken and chicken lollipop! Craving for some sea food? Try their prawns in pepper sauce. The only draw back is they sometimes get delayed in delivering their order!
Rated Quick delivery and great tasting food. Surely gonna order again from here. Tried the chicken shawarma and their parathas and they were tasty. Also tried the falafels which were a little dry but very tasty.
Rated Food 4/5 Value for money 5/5 Service 3/5 I ordered from this place through zomato. They delivered just within the estimated time. They forgot to bring us the complete order which is why I lowered the rating. That being said, the food was delicious. I had pita bread with chicken in hummus. It was delicious and more than filling for one person. The hummus was made very well and served in generous quantity. I'll certainly look to order from here again if in the mood for lebanese
Rated I have rated this restaurant,based only on its Panner tikka roll.Never tasted such a roll,just loved it.Eventually I ate 2 of them and also it had my stomach filled.Its not a type of formal restaurant with proper seating and all but food quality is really good.
Rated The usual friday ..order from a new place found on zomato.. it had a rating of 4.. but dunno why didnt like the food at all.. did i try all the not so good stuff from here? Or was it a bad day ? Ordered for a chicken triple schezwan rice and chicken bhuna.. with no traces of chicken anywhere.. it was like a treasure hunt.. but anyway taste of the rice was good and the bhuna gravy was ok.. packaging very basic.. Overall very average food..
Rated Lebanese, tandoor and rice noodles is what this place is famous for. I had chicken shawarma first time in Mumbai and the experience was amazing. I wished i could try something more but had no space left. The most attractive part is the live counter seeing which one cannot wait any longer to grab some of it. A place worth recommmending and try new cuisine....chao
Rated How much ever I'm tempted to use the line 'You should just Hit this store and run'... I can't, because this store has earned it. Ordered in on a lazy night because of lack of hunger (Yes, that happens) and yet ended up ordering a meal, just looking at the wide menu considering it serves Lebanese food. A self proclaimed Lebanese fanatic, my order wouldn't be complete without a nice Chicken Shawarma, some falafel and Chicken sheesh Tawook. Curiosity further led me to order in the hit n Run Baida Roti and right beneath was the menu for kheema parantha that couldn't be resisted. Unlike all times, I wished heartily that the service was slow so that my almost non existent hunger increased. But it was not to be. Commendable Service Time reached us our order in 30 odd minutes, nice and warm. The quantity was not great but then the prices were very below average too, so that kind of nulled it out. All the dishes ordered were great. The Baida Roti is a must try, with mom experimenting with recipes to duplicate it. All in all, this place gives you a good time and tasty food.
Rated Good food , good ambience great music and super sangria !!! Super chilled out place to catch up for food , drinks and conversation ! This one has more space than the Colaba one but a little less charming than that one
Rated Lovely dark ambience. Good food. Tried a new German beer that's not offered at many places. Loved the calamari and spinach pizza. Amazing crust and you won't realise you're eating greens. Do try stuffed mushroom and cheese starter. Paneer Skewers also good for veggies. I always have an awesome girls gossip night here.
Rated This popular place from SoBo has become the go-to place for burbies as well. If you've been to the one at Colaba, you'd walk in with high expectations. and it doesn't disappoint. Woodside Inn has great energy! The ambience, the happy bartenders and the scrumptious food that they serve definitely makes you want to visit the place again. I like their mocktails specially the Rum Mojito. Although their alcohol collection pales in comparison to Salt Water Cafe (haven't seen anything like SWC in the recent past). But if you're a man who loves his Beer and Burger you'll like this place. Have been to this place quite a few times and have tried different dishes hence not naming any particular one. Everyone has a different taste palette that tickles their fancy. The food is good. One thing though - be prepared to wait once you place the order as the food takes a while to come. The staff is very helpful and courteous.
Rated Such an amazing place Awesome music. Good crowd. A little waiting on weekends. We ordered chicken wings and they were fantastic. I have tried their breakfast as well and it is also amazing. Very well cooked eggs with bacon and toast. Love it. Should try it for yum food with good portion size
Rated BIRTHDAY DATE NIGHT :D :D :D The ambience, the music and whole vibe of the place is amazing. It's like a mixture of Bandra's Out of the Blue and Corniche. Love it. We were advised to have their burgers as they're supposed to be the highlight of the place. So we planned on ordering a pizza and Chicken Wings for starters and a Burger and Steak for Main Course. So we started off with ordering the Cranberry and Apple Shake - Uh-Ma-Zing!!! Absolutely loved it, which raised our expectations even more for the food! Then the starters arrived #BarbecueChickenWings. You would expect Barbecue to be on the sweetish side but this was something completely different. I would never imagine it's Barbecue Sauce. However, it was pretty good and we liked it. The #HenHousePizza was next and frankly it was quite disappointing... I would've liked the "thin crust" to be alot thinner and the taste was very average, especially for the price! Since the pizza crust was alot thicker than we expected I got full with just the starters and had absolutely no room to even share a main course. We do however want to try their Steak and Burgers so we will be coming back sometime in the near future. I do hope that changes our opinion of this place. P.S. The service is pathetic here as well! The only reason we had a good time was because we were on quite a jolly mood and the atmosphere was lovely.
Rated Woodside Inn is a popular Pub in South Bombay, this is their second outlet in city. I was there last night with my sister, to watch the match. It's a cozy little eatery serving alcohol, of course located in Oshiwara. They have two sections, inside and the outside. We were initially seated inside for a bit until we got a table outside. The inside section is of a polished bar, with wooden interiors, few posters stuck on the wall. They also have a huge bar table, with stools, which is often the resort when you don't get a table and have to make do until you get one. I particularly enjoyed my time outside. It's got white chairs, white walls with some cutesy art drawn, similar to what to Konkana Sen from the movie Wake up Sid does to her walls; and glass bottles with electric lights inserted and kept on the grass like portion of the wall, the incumbent fence to the restaurant :D What I ordered? Fresh Mozarella and Bell Pepper Stuffed Mushrooms with Garlic Aioli : Perfectly deep fried Mushrooms, studded with Cheese and Herbs and served with a Garlicky - mayonnaise like dip. It goes extremely well when paired with a drink. Ripe Tomato and Fresh Basil Bruschetta - Fresh Tomato, basic on a crispy buttery Garlic Toast. It was crunchy and the fresh vegetables made it a treat to eat! Stuffed Spring Rolls with Edmame Beans, Olives, American Corn, Mozarella Cheese with Bhut Jolokia Mayo - A whole lot Veggies, which you'd usually find in a Pizza stuffed inside a Spring Roll served with the same dip we has with the Mushroom Dish! This dish in all honesty wasn't as awesome as the earlier two. Maybe we're spoilt eating our Desi Spring Rolls, that the Italian one dint appease as much. Verdict It's fun place to step in if you wanna enjoy your evening with some good food. I personally love their outdoor ambience, it's very well ventilated, with enough room for breeze. I'd definitely go back if I'm in Andheri and the mood for a lazy yet a fun place. They also have Karaoke evenings every Wednesday which I'm waiting to try!
Rated In the row of eateries dotting this one lane of Oshiwara, Woodside Inn stands out as my favourite place to chill out with friends. The outdoor seating, though only perfect in certain months of the year, is always full and more so on weekends. I've ordered a multitude of starters here over several visits, all with reasonable success. The rosemary fries are the best in town; the pizza reasonably good and burgers quite nice. I've heard complaints from beer drinkers that they never have enough beers on tap but if you are a teetotaller like me, you will be happy with their house made gingerale. bombayfoodie.com
Rated *Short review* A very nice small restaurant in andheri which is my favourite of all times when it come to eating good food. They a huge variety of mexican dish and it is almost imposible to predict their dishes from the names of the dishes in the menu. But now i am very much familiar to their entire menu. I love the food here. They have some amazing nachos and tacos, they have good sizzlers as well. This place is quite famous amongst the youth. Never a time that i visited this place and returned home disappointed. The food here gives satisfaction to my soul. A highly recomended place for all mexican food lovers..cheers!!
Rated Went here on a late Sunday evening. .. n thankfully managed to get a seat in a few minutes. The ambience is chilled (thanks to the AC :p) ordered for nachos and it was yummy with perfect toppings of cheese, chicken, beans. The mint n lime and kiwi mojito were refreshing. Wud definately visit again as there were many interesting dishes on the menu which i wud love to try....
Rated By far one of the best Mexican restaurants I have ever been to in my life. The ambience was quite pleasant and colorful. Luckily being a long holiday weekend the place provided plenty of seating options. We perched ourselves on the mezzanines and requested for the menus. Going by their suggestions we ordered for the nachos served with beans and a side of cream and salsa. Brilliant!. Followed by garlic bread with olives, corn, pickle and of course extra cheese. Awesome. Followed by the main course which was a peri peri rice with vegetables in gravy. Scrumptious. If I could I would have invited the legendary Rey Mysterio or the late Eddie Guerroro to join me. Most importantly I also had my first brush with a Tequilla flavored Beer!. Aii Caramba!. Overall a great place for excellent Mexican food. !
Rated I don't think I have enjoyed myself so much anywhere else than here! Really cool place to hangout with your friends. It's a Mexican cuisine restaurant which makes this place on of a kind. Really really amazing food and pocket friendly. I have a Jain friend in my group which makes it always difficult for me to choose a restaurant but this place was like the perfect place in all ways. Also great place to click pictures(this is for All the chicks out there :P). They give you their Mexican hat to click pictures. Overall this is a 5/5 place and a must visit restaurant.
Rated Was here during the World T20 India Pakistan cricket match. Requested for a table with proximity to the TV. The guys are really helpful . They got us a table quick. The ambiance & the environment was really amazing. Everyone was shouting, screaming when a boundary was hit. No one complained. The service is real quick. Had a stuffed potato skin starter. The taste is still lingering in my mouth. Loaded with cheese !!! Don't remember the name of the main course dish. But it was baked stuffed enchilada with a nice tomato sauce. The taste was amazing. The perfect balance of tangyness, sweet, salt,spice & cheese. Had the chocolate mud pie . That was nice too. India won the match ! They offered free Dessert to everybody. But , we were so full that we were not able to eat anything else. An amazing, lively place ! Will definitely go back !
Rated It feels really nice when you visit a food outlet for the first time and they offer you exceptional service. Michell Anthony and I really liked the service Mr. Tilak and the manager there provided. Had chicken lazania which is quite famous then tried something new in rice, which was also good. The rates are quite reasonable, but again you will face a high amount of taxes! Mocktails were prepared perfectly. They provided us Nachos and a desert COMPLIMENTARY! so sweet of them. Small place, But very much alive. You will find people having good time and you will have good time too. They have music and TV available to entertainment. Sit inside the outlet and avoid the summer heat. They accept payments by cash and card. Now parking.. it is located in the end of Link Road, so it has a lot of space around to park your vehicle. However, try parking your bike or car in front of the outlet. That is if you get a place. :P
Rated Sammy Sosa sort of played a big role in introducing Mexican cuisine to the suburb.. About 6-7 years back if my memory serves me right..a little before Sanchos (Khar) happened to us. I must confess I'm not a regular here but have visited the place more than a couple of times over the last few years. It will be little stupid to list down every experience in detail. Let's talk about my recent last weekend experience... Loaded Nachos, fries, lamb, garlic bread as starters.. Brilliant as always. Rich Onion Chicken: the jus could have been so much better.. Nevertheless pretty okay. Grandma's Lasagna : just about the right mix of cheese and sauce...excellent. Then comes the biggest disappointment - the dessert. They didn't have the cheesecake we ordered hence a brownie with ice cream was served complimentary. Now just coz it was foc doesn't mean I loved it.. loved the gesture though.. The brownie wasn't goey enough.. Average stuff. Apart from that we tried the apple pie...tasteless.. The crust lacked texture and the filling lacked the basic essence of an apple cinnamon filling. Didn't work for me one bit! The quantities are for a group. Humongous. The service has always been a strong point. Much more than just good. Better than just attentive & friendly. Another strong factor is the availability of international beer brands. Impressive list. They not only serve Mexican but also a whole lot of world cuisine as well. The menu is an exhaustive selection of food from across the world. Not every dish is noteworthy.. The Mexican fare is tad better than the rest. It worked brilliantly when it started but the city has seen a surge of different cuisine restaurants over the last few years. Serving great food with a charming ambience, not every time at high prices. The ambience at SS doesn't justify the prices charged. Not anymore. Time to upgrade a bit.
Rated Great food and service, loved everything I ate here. The ambience is nice. Got a lot of complementary food too, which sort of was like a cherry on top
Rated This exemplary Mexican food place satisfies the hunger pangs. This place has such enthusiastic staff that helps you out with the order and everything they suggested was bang on delicious. They also have a alot of variety in jain food. Coming to the food: Must try the nachos (the beans were perfectly cooked and tasted amazing), the lasagna, the taco bowl (which looked and was actually too filling), the lemon grass mocktail and the oreo shake (which were served in glasses that looked like bulbs - fun crockery). They have fun guidelines on the menu and their food presentation is also really good. The place is well done up and they have seating down and upstairs as well. Huge, filling quantities of food with reasonable pricing is why you should visit this place. Unfortunately they do not have valet but there's a lot of parking space around. Definitely must try this place. It was worth the travel.
Rated Well to start with, I must say, this cafe has one of the distinctive food menu. Food quality is excellent. Staff is good. You have all the goodies like wifi etc. And it's just a great place to hangout!
Rated Super cool cafe in thane.. dont have anything to complaint about...the quality of food is really good followed with wonderful ambiance.. one of my regular joint.
Rated Ive visited Hiranandani one and this one is bit too different with good services and courteous staff. Food is amazing as i mentioned earlier. One should try Veg white (herb cream) Pasta and yes of course their crapes too
Rated This cafe in vasant vihar I had not tried since ages but yesterday we visited this place and took home delivery for red velvet pastry...it is fresh and juicy. ..it's wonderful in taste..cheers..highly recommended !
Rated This place near by has some amazing pastries and cheese cakes but is not very happening for italian cuisine like pastas....love their red velvet and hazelnut relish pastries too much....
Rated I come here every evening to get fat. Its such an amazing place you just can't deny it. Best of all is the crepes. Must try Indian summer crepe, china tank crepe, bbq chicken crepe. In sweet go for Austrian mudpie, hazelnut relish, red velvet pastry. I suggest to try everything.
Rated Lovely place...menu is quiet big lots of options to try from...loved the spicy pita bread..overall nice service as well..shakes are good as well...if u live peanut butter thn it's one of the nicest one to try as well...would look forward to go and try sm more option..crossiants were not tht fresh though..
Rated After months of waiting i finally found the right moment to visit this café . It's definitely one of the hidden gems of thane. Great ambience, lovely and helpful staff. Had gone here for the first time and order a mexican crepe, vegetarian pasta , garlic bread with chilli and cheese and Austrian mudpie. While we were waiting for our order one of the staff members bought us a complimentary chocolate cupcake which tasted just perfect . Along came the Mexican crepe , this was the first time i was eating a crepe and honestly it looked like a dosa to me and my expectations weren't quite high but as soon as i took a bite it was way pass my expectations with the fillings, the cheese , the crepe itself was mesmerising. Overall a lip-smacking and a must order dish off the menu. Then came the garlic bread which was above average with perfectly cooked bread and perfect cheese proportion. The pasta in pesto sause was also great , although i have a doubt the not many people might like the taste of the sause but i honestly loved it. And then came the mudpie...the perfect way to end a meal , just perfect. Going to this cafe there are 2 things you should definitely order.. the Mexican crepe and the mudpie and if u don't ..you'll definitely regret it !! Will return..hungry for more !!
Rated If you are looking for a decent eatery which doesn't have loud music, jazzy set up and which gives you a good feeling about being in a restaurant, then this one is for you. Well set, on LBS Marg which doesn't have many decent restaurants between Kanjurmarg and Bhandup station, this one will make you feel better. A bit high priced, for the location, the food quality is good. Especially the prawn and fish dishes. I wish this restaurant was about 20% cheaper than what it is. But surely on a overall scale, this one has good ambience, good staff and good food.
Rated Cool restaurant...bit high in price but quantity wise it is justiciable...... The food tastes good.quality is also good the ambience is also good .it is actually the restaurant of anantha suite....I had veg but it's non veg platter is very much famous and cheap....
Rated Finally Bhandup gets a decent place for carnivores.. Ordering in from Avanti is so much convenient! They will generate a customer profile for you if you order more than once so every time you dont have to provide address and other details. Talking about the menu, Avanti has variety of options to choose from, Indian, Chinese (Indian Chinese), malvani etc. And till now not a single item that I have ordered has been disappointing. Portions are filling and not to expensive. Ps. I have not visited the restaurant yet but seems like a decent place for an easy meal with few drinks. Anyways there are hardly any dining options from kanjurmarg West till bhandup station, so this is definitely a safe option for some chicken tikkas and biryanis! thenomadicgourmet.com
Rated Had been these place finally after long await.. it didn't let me down.. Food was good.. Service is OK. . But these place is good for people who have non veg
Rated The lobster cooked in 5 spices was really good. The ambiance isn't great. Service is alright. Their Indian food is average too. Just and okay experience.
Rated one of the good restaurant in Bhandup.food taste and quality is good.we celebrated our mom's 60th birthday in their banquet and also my Aunty's 60th birthday on the terrace.arrangements were nice and well in time and it is priced reasonable.one can try this place for sure of you are located in bhandup east or kanjurmarg east and West.
Rated Its a new restaurant..not know by many...but it will surely not disappoint you. Food here is very nice..both veg, non-veg dishes are very tasty...Ambience is quiet decent and services are prompt. Rates are also nice, we were seven of them and along with hard drinks it costed only around 4000. Good place to go with frnds as well as family
Rated I've been to this place quite a number of times and had also hosted my parent's anniversary & my b'dy party at Anantha Executive/Avanti. Firstly, talking about the FOOD: The food here is good in quantity and quality as well. Variety of cuisine is available here. Particularly good for non-vegetarian food. Seating area is not so big but not too small also. Overall the ambiance is good. Good food and it's proximity is the only reason why we visited this place often. Now you'l must be wondering why have I rated this place 2/5 inspite of everything being good enough? The Reason is : QUALITY OF SERVICE. I was never satisfied by it's quality of service. We hosted 3 parties here. No change. It just degraded after every visit whether it be a small family dinner or a party of 100 people..! Even after giving so many chances, there is no hope for improvement left. I have black listed this place and will never visit it again. The main reason for this decision is the blunder that recently happend on my mom's b'dy party. We were around 18-20 people out for family dinner, out of which 2 were non-vegetarian's and the rest of them were pure vegetarian's including me. So we ordered food and the non-vegetarian's were sitting on a seperate table in the corner end besides us. It was clearly told to serve non-veg only to those two people. Here comes the star of this incident, the 'overly anxious Waiter'. People around us too were complaining about the service that day. A corporate team's dinner was going on in our adjacent table who also had issues with the service. After us, another family complained about their service. So back to what exactly happened.… I had ordered garlic hot pot rice & many other vegetarian dishes. I was served something which was not what I had ordered, saying it was garlic hot pot rice. When I saw the bowl,there was some green colored gravy in it and no rice…!! (it nowhere looked like garlic hot pot rice) I called the waiter and immediately returned it. We already knew the service here is not so good. I told the waiter, it's ok… we don't mind if u get the food a little late, but please get what we ordered..be calm and know the dish what u are serving.…!!!! But it was of no use. He just had to rush. I don't know what was going on inside his mind, but he was not at all looking stable and clear in his head…! Finally the food came. The same waiter again, started serving in a hurry (pata nahi kaunsi train pakadni thi) and even after asking 2-3 times he did not say the dish's name to people on table1. Then he came to my table, I asked him what dish is it, (he did not answer for the first time..i ddnt let him serve me until he answered) finally after a big pause,he said it's some paneer ki sabzi( I don't remember the exact name now) and again it was not looking like paneer ki sabzi especially the pieces in it. So I ddnt take it. When my mom ate it, she realised that it's not paneer but a non-vegetarian dish. By the time she realised this blunder created by that stupid waiter, we all were served with non-veg except the 2 non-vegetarian's :P Many of us had it too. Mistakes happen and we did not make it a big issue. Asked him to change our plates, carefully examined and ate the food served later, paid the bill and left after reporting this incident to the management there. Though we all were laughing on this incident (which made mom's b'dy indeed a memorable one), but I really felt bad for my grand-parents who had never tasted non-veg in their entire life and had it by mistake because of that stupid waiter and his carelessness. (inspite of being pointed once by me and many others about serving incorrect food) I took it as a learning lesson and now i'm even more cautious. I had to share this incident so that you'l be aware too. Choose wisely, EAT well.. THANKS FOR READING.
Rated After searching some restaurant in Bhandup near Neptune Magnet mall, we decided for Avanti. Good and soothing ambience, staff was very courteous and prompt service. We ordered Chicken sweet corn soup, nalli nihari, chicken tawa fry, butter nan, steamed rice, chilli chicken and ice cream. Chicken tawa fry was cooked with egg and tomato garnish, spices were mixed well and overall good cooked. Nalli nihari was not up to the mark but taste was good. Butter nan was the best and soft. Chilli Chicken was really spicy but taste was awesome and cooked with a taste. Overall, nice experience to be there. A recommended place for those who are looking for a peaceful evening with good food.
Rated Sugar sins u rocksssss !!!! Guys don't count the calories 😜 just collect the memories ...... Walnut cake is awesome .... must try it ..... loved every bite of it .... 😍 Cheersssss to sugar sins 🍺🍺🍺
Rated I had ordered mini cupcakes for my neice's 13th birthday at the last moment! Not only i got the rush order on time but they were absolutely Amazing and delicious!! A big hit at the party!!! Absolute value for money!!!!
Rated Finger licking brownies in walnut, Oreo and choco chips variations Highly recommended for birthday cakes Cup cakes are the favourite of my kids Amazing place
Rated Delicious desserts, Wonder to see my angles happy movement with SugarSins. Wonderful test and balance for the sweet conscious people. Recommended to try multipal times
Rated Absolutely fabulous desserts. Their cakes and cupcakes look so delicious and sinful. Amazing variety too. I personally recommend the brownies! Way to go SugarSins❤️
Rated Excellent desert option. Perfectly baked cakes. Try the cake here & you won't go anywhere else. Absolutely divine. SugarSins simply rocks. MUST TRY..
Rated The dark chocolate cake is literally the best possible sugary sin :) its rich, its dark and its finger lickingly delicious. Loved every bite of it!
Rated Amazing place ! For those who have a sweet tooth , look no further than sugar sins ! They have a very elaborate menu. The dishes here are executed and presented so perfectly that it's a feast for the eyes as well as the stomach. The chocolate truffle Cake is simply divine ! Mind blowing flavours ❤️
Rated Mocha Madness is truly awesome!! Loved every bit of my piece of sin ;) Even the everyday banana walnut cake was a big hit..the best part though is that everything tastes soo fresh..sin on!!
Rated Located on LBS Road Bhandup. Pretty crowded place on peak times. They have different sitting arrangements, AC and the outdoor which is on top of the restaurant. We took outdoor seating for the ghazal. I always prefer such environment whenever it's available to enjoy. We had non veg dinner here as restaurant is specialist in non veg food. We had ordered chicken crispy too which was nicely cooked. The dish I like most is Jhinga Tandoori, it's amazing and very very tasty. I'll suggest you to try out this dish at least once. At the end we finished with sizzling brownie which was mouth watering. Menu has so much variety in it to taste. This restaurant is bit on costly side but I'll say it's worth it. Waiter and other staff are good. I'll suggest you to go early else you could have to wait to get seated. I'll recommend this restaurant.
Rated The ambience is good ... Roof top guess only place which is there lbs road.. It's typical North Indian cuisine nothing new about food ... The reason to visit this place is the ambience ... Nothing new about food and service
Rated The place is just off the LBS road, Bhandup at the ground level itself very much easily located. All praises for the ambience, the seating is divided into two ways, one is the outdoor and the other one is the AC section which is actually surrounded by the outdoor seating. I actually prefer the one outside because of the live ghazals in the evenings. Also at times there is live screenings of matches. The menu they offer is pretty good actually but the food could be better in my opinion. Do try Bhuna Ghost. Service is prompt bo issues with that. Prices bit on the higher side.
Rated Had ordered food from this place. The staff was good enough to guide us through their menu and their best preparations. The food is decent. Can surely go to try the sea food at this place.
Rated Jhinga is prawns? Hope u knw this wen u visit this restaurant,as thats what the waiter first asked me wen i ordered tandoori jhinga.. Goid food, four different seating options to choose from (rooftop, candle light, family room n open seating), live ghazal and good service.. Try their achari chicken kabab, tandoori jhinga, dal tadka, butter chicken..
Rated New addition to my favourite list, especially for family dinners.Well the north Indian food is awesome and leaves you wondering on what to pick and choose. And here comes the best you have multiple options as far as the ambience is concerned, a roof top open air with dhaba type sitting, a/c restaurant etc.
Rated It's a hidden gem within Bhandup. We loved everything ordered starting from Chicken Lung Fung Soup, Masala Papad. Delicious it was. We had also ordered non veg kebab platter which I found it to be ok. Nothing extraordinary here. Coming to chicken Hakka noodles we all absolutely loved it. I am gonna try it again next time I come. In the main course we had chicken kadai, gosht rogan josh, stuffed kulcha, keema paratha and chicken biriyani. Everything was great. It's pretty decent on the pocket with all these coming within 3k/-. This is a very good choice especially for the Hakka noddles.
Rated Shera has a variety of non veg food items with them !!!! Chicken kabab and chicken handi is totally mind blowing super spicy lover will really enjoy the stuff!!!!
Rated Today been to Shera for one more time to have dinner. This is special at evening and at weekends. The live ghazal singer makes the evening nice. Food is nice. Always had non-veg here and it's great. Today tried veg and that also satisfied. Try kebabs and asked them for their specialities. They do recommend good dishes. Must visit place and repeat too.
Rated Another place in Bhandup perfect for ordering in! This place serves only vegetarian and a huge variety of vegetarian items I must say! My favorite is their cheese biryani.. It is LOADED with cheese and the quality is consistent. You can also order Chinese (indian), North Indian and south Indian food from here. Tip: try calling their yummy uttapas and dosas in the morning when they open for business. Perfect for Saturday mornings when you are recovering from a hangover :) thenomadicgourmet.com
Rated I have been ordering from Gopala Bits & Bytes for a few months now. They are quite reasonably priced but the food quality, to my experience, is quite below average. I usually order Veg Biryani or Pulav and the rice when you order from here is not well cooked and tends to be a bit chewy. But possibly the non rice items may be better and I have not tried them.
Rated Don't expect the great quality like that of Kanjurmarg branch. But it is good for fast food. Service is fast eight. And accepts food coupons.
Rated I had been visiting this place more than 7,8 time but one thing I had noticed is that the service is quick!!!! U don't have to wait a long time for the food !!! Ac and non Ac section they have got , cost is also very reasonable !!!
Rated Decent place for a quick bite. The south indians dishes are likeable, the North Indian cooking is average and the seating is not very comfortable in the non AC dining.
Rated As the name, this place is good for a quick bite. 2 floors : no a/c on the ground floor, first floor is air conditioned. Food Quality: Good. Service: Fast. Ambiance: Decent. Multiple Cuisine, Serves Non-Veg and it's pocket friendly. You can go with your family. Happy Eating :)
Rated Good restaurant and cheap rate if you order online.. Anyways you can go for long chit chats Its is a paradise for veggies.. Giant paper dosa and chole bauture must try
Rated So, this is my daily food ordering restaurant, as I live very close by. The food is decent, and can be generally a bit spicy and oily. However the service is good and fast and the rates are very reasonable too. Have ordered lots of north indian dishes as well as chinese dishes from the restaurant. I have generally not been too disappointed, although I do think it makes North Indian dishes better than Chinese ones. Will recommend this for anyone in Bhandup looking to have a decent snack at a decent buck.
Rated You get a divine feeling at the entry of the restaurant itself. There are chants of Hare Krishna in the background. The food was wonderful and delicious. The servings per plate are mighty good. Rainbow soup is a must try if you are a Chinese fan. Lemon chilly potatoes and Corn Crispy Kebab was very nicely done. Highlight of the evening was Rangeela Kebab and Paneer Lazania. Just the perfect dishes to go with the Rotis Basket. Sizzling Brownie added to the happy dining experience in the end. Full marks to this place !
Rated Satvik food it is... Without onion & garlic.. It's a treat for vegetarians .. Love the food panner dishes are awesome to taste ... Biryani is good and love the starters Even the kulfi which we ate ease awesome
Rated Cheap... best ... veg food... though not being a big fan of veg cuisines.. i liked gopala's a lot.. the service is good.. and i even order online... the gopala's veg kitchen is better as people say.. but this branch is also worth the try...kudos..
Rated Coming to this restaurant, the ambiance is awesome. Excellent service provided by the staff, very courteous and warm welcoming. Paneer was soft and had an awesome tangy taste with purple cabbage, yellow and red bell pepper. Quality of ice cream was also awesome. Ambiance 4/5 Food 4.5/5 (excluding North Indian dishes) Service 5/5. Cost- Quite reasonable. Overall in the end when you leave and ring the bell," Hare Krishna, the staff exclaimed!" Worth a visit
Rated This is the best place for ordering Kashmiri Pulao from. I have never tasted a Kashmiri Pulav as good as this one before. All I had to do was order from their official website and they delivered the food to me in a matter of a few minutes. I even loved their Kashmiri Dum Aloo, which is as good as the authentic Kashmiri Dum Aloo. You should try eating at this place at least once, especially if you are a vegetarian foodie like me.
Rated After hearing a lot about this place we decided to place an order online and were heavily disappointed. We ordered a barbeque mushroom and baby corn as well as sautéed vegetables and a paneer Angara. There was little or no taste in the food. The sautéed vegetables were just tossed veggies. Nothing in them. Was more like a vegetable salad than a starter. The mushroom and baby corn wasn't grilled enough. The masalas were very raw. Coming to the paneer, it was okay. Nothing special considering what I had heard about them. Probably was a bad day for them which happens, but if I'm paying for something I would rather have good food and service.
Rated The cousins couldn't meet at Diwali, due to exams, so we decided to go out for dinner this Sunday. I had been to Gopalas earlier but I vaguely remember. So coming to this restaurant, the ambience is awesome. Excellent service provided by the staff, very courteous and warm welcoming. Coming to food, We had ordered the jain lemon coriander soup. It had a perfect taste and quantity of vegetables in it. For starters it was paneer chilly dry. Paneer was soft and had an awesome tangy taste with purple cabbage, yellow and red bell pepper. One of the best I've ever eaten. Seekh kebab was good with fillings containing peanuts and cashewnuts. For the main course we had ordered a rice pot. The best of the best. The taste was a class apart. Triple schezwan rice with gravy was okkish. We had ordered a jain phillipano. It was awesomeeee. It felt like having more of it infinitely. Brocolli, red bell pepper, jalapeños and other topping were perfect. Dil bhar ke daala tha or dil khush kar diya. In the end the falooda looked delicious and tasted nice. Ambience 4/5 Food 4.5/5 (excluding North indian dishes) Service 5/5. Cost- Quite reasonable. Overall in the end when you leave and ring the bell," Hare Krishna, the staff exclaimed!" Worth a visit
Rated Unique in dressing traditions look Low ligts peaceful environment Food is great n staff are very good Radhe krishna book are avilable Service is fast 😘✌🏻️✌🏻✌🏻✌🏻✌🏻
Rated On a Friday evening while we were driving in this vicinity our hungry stomach made us look for a eatery. There in the passing was Gopala's Next. I looked at it from the exterior and declared it like one of the regular udipis. In two minds about this place we reluctantly entered. The place was done pretty well to my surprise and had ample seating area spanning across two levels. The decor was done neatly keeping the essence of southern indian in mind. Well lit up this space is done in wooden furniture with comfortable seating. The staff wears a tika on their forehead to continue the southern feel. Started with a manchow soup. It was well made, good in favour and texture, served with baked (not fried) noodles. It tasted pretty well and we cleaned off our respective bowls. Paneer chilli followed site since the first Chinese prep was nice. Again made well using soft, juicy paneer. Right amount of flavouring with sauces, cabbage, spring onion and importantly finely chopped garlic. Pav bhaji was the conclusive dish and this is where they lost points. It was just a little below average. I felt let down while tasting pav bhaji after the first two finely cooked dishes. It was freshly made buy did not taste great. In the interim, masala papad was also ok, we added chat masala to make it better. The rating they have earned is because we did not go with a lot of expectation and had a nice experience. Ambiance: 3.5/5 Service: 3.5/5 Food: 3.5/5 Overall: 3.5/5 gluttonyreviews.wordpress.com
Rated Looks like cheap horror film set. Nothing was enjoyable here..i dont understand how people come here for party and dance to the tune. totally avoid it
Rated One of best hukka lounges in vicinity. Been here a couple of times. The sheesha is worth every penny, the staff is well behaved and the ambience is mind boggling! After several revamps, the final made lounge is not the open terrace disappointment with the nosy manager who sits on your head asking you to pay nor the shady dark room with no proper staff.. It is a nice renovated place with a trippy ambience. You're sure in for a good time once you are here 😉 That's all from my side. Rest you all can experience for yourself😊
Rated For me this place is not cup of tea. I personally don't like everything in UV where you can't read your friends expression but you see is just their teeth. Hence no visuals. Loud music! I can understand why bars has loud music because it makes the consumer high and dance, but sheesha is just for a kick and chat with friends. But cant chat and listen. Moreover hukka there is not economical as well. Just ok. Not impressed.
Rated Good Ambience and the place is also quite good. They even changed the coal of sheesha periodically without any requests. Prices are also cheap. Sheesha was good. Overall a nice place to visit.
Rated Ppl dont go by older reviews. The place is as it is in the photos uploaded. Truely amazing ambience n the best hukka served. Unique flavours , nice music n co operative staff. Led hukka , AK 47 n many more new and funky hukka pots. Highly recommended place to visit.
Rated Very good place for chilling with friends ,sheesha is also nice and hv a lot variety of flavours good service and ambience,njoyed a lot ......
Rated Awesome place. Liquid fume as a brand is always known for serving wonderful sheesha and specially karan who is a brand ambassador of hookah in the city. The variety of flavours is just an awesome feature of LF.... Ambience and fresh EDM collection. What else do you need ? Visit this place ane enjoy. Cheers !!!
Rated A Hookah joint in Mumbai is something to savor on. Nice ambiance a very decent place to chill and relax. Amazing option for weekend break!!!
Rated One of the best hukkas joints in mumbai with loads of variety...worth the visit...quick service..good food...easy to locate...#LoveLF #Hukka
Rated Place is too good and the sheesha also. Only the problem is they don't serve food with sheesha as they have separate zone for smoking. Overall a good experience. And after a long time such a good place for sheesha in central line.
Rated When I entered here ,this Dhaba was almost full even on an odd day which tell you how good it is in terms on its taste even after having a bunch of good restaurants just near by it. As most of the people have already made their comment on the ambiance which is not so great but not disappointing as well, 'TASTE' is what attracts you here. Both veg as well as non veg starters were good. But paneer malai tikka will be sweet rather spicy. Rotis could be more crispy. Overall a very good experience. Typical dhaba feel in terms of ambiance and food. Rarely you get to see this is in a city like mumbai. Would surely visit again.
Rated Great place to order food. We were at Kanjurmarg and called for delivery. We were not expecting the food to be really great but to our surprise it was awesome! We ordered for Paneer hilltop, Veg kebab, mushroom tandoori, stuffed Aloo, chicken seekh kabab, chicken tikka and prawns fry. Everything was great!
Rated If you are looking for an authentic dhaba like feel , this is a great place to be. Not recommended if you prefer great ambience , because this place actually feels like a roadside dhaba. The food is good, and good enough quantity to fill you up. This was the first place I tried a keema parantha at , and it was good. The mutton seekh kebab and the tandoori chicken not so much. A one time try for sure , though a lot of people I know swear by the quality of its veg food ( unfortunately which I didn't try ).
Rated A true blue dhaba within the town for some great non veg food. If you are a sucker for ambience and hygiene then this is not the place for you. If you are short of cash but still want very good food then this is the place for you.
Rated Dhabas are always my favourite. The servings are great. They leave you satisfied and happy. Ordered chicken biryani. Had only one piece of a chicken which was disappointing. The amount of rice is a lot so two people have to share it but aint got no chicken to give to ur buddy 😟 Zinga biryani. I dont order prawn biryanis because i prefer eating homemade. But this was really good. The prawns were a little hard but the flavour was too good. Took roti with a mixed vegetable. Its got a really homely flavour but you can see the excess oil. But then again dhabas are for the heart and soul. Not for your body 🙈 The fish fry here is so good. Its fresh , soft and perfectly coated and fried. We always take away chicken tangdi kabab. As usual great and juicy. Love love love this place.
Rated This place is located on LBS marg behind shangrila bus stop and is a classic dhaba setup. I've been here a few times. Recently came to know that they also do home delivery so decided to order from here. They serve amazing starters and mouthwatering parathas. Their kheema paratha is out of this world and is definitely a must try. The food is delicious and value for money. Their service is also fast. The only down side is of this place is hygiene. Overall tasty food, quick service and pocket friendly.
Rated Dhaba in Bhandup quite surprising.Interesting place it is it just give a feel of that you are in Punjab.It serves veg non veg both and it's value for money too.No alcohol available here.Must Try - PARATHAS, and STARTERS. Don't Try - RICE Ambiance 1/5 Service 3/5 Food quality and quantity 4/5 Hygiene 3/5 Taste 4/5 Thank you tc enjoy
Rated been their some time last week. a typical daba setup.odered tandoori chicken, prawns fry, mutton masala all food very delicious!!!! perfectly cooked price wise alsopocket friendly.Kheema and roomali roti are great.only minus point do not visit this place if you are too hygiene cautious .
Rated SUPER kebabs! Must visit for their delicious juicy kebabs. Try the kalimiri chicken and their kali dal. The mutton too is well cooked, the food takes a while to come so order quick! The staff is super and friendly. Love this place..
Rated Went this place on suggestion. Saying tandoori is speciality it is decent not upto mark chicken was fresh bt nt tender enough with masala nt marinated properly whch makes it less spicy its served with green chutney made up of corriender leaves pudina and green chilly used in small qty. leavng more taste of pudina. Also had paya soup which was too decent felt like having maagic masala soup combined mixed with other masalas making it paya soup.
Rated Had been to this place for a nice punjabi dinner after i was back from cochin...Good place the interiors are well done have khatiyas to sit walls have punjabi dancers painted onto them. So we took the seat with a khyatiya. The place has upper level also but couldnt check it out as we were seated at the ground level. Our orders: Starters : Chiken tandoori lolypops and chicken reshmi kebab. Both of them was delicious along with the green chutney and the salad. Main course: Butter chicken and (dont remember the dish name) but it was very tasty and normal rotis and butter naans. Brownie points for the rotis because they were perfect soft wheat rotis Chicken Biryani was the saddest of all as it taster more of the dry spices a strict no no We didnt have any desert even though took home chinese parcel for my sister whom i had conpletely forgotten was hungry at home Delivery time: Very slow took around half and hour to reach our table and again quite long for roti repeat orders In and all a ok ok place to eat if you consider the taste of the good food.
Rated This hotel is opened just before 3-4 months back. Here is why I will not go there again. 1.we order chicken masala and we received a dish with sweet flavoured masala. 2. We told the owner and asked for spicy masala, he brought the masala which was again sweeter than previous dish. 3. We had ordered chicken chilli as starters which he bought after serving the main course to us. May be some ppl like that, I don't.
Rated A good place to hangout with friends with a decent seating arrangement. Located close to my work place,its a good option always. The platter here is good with ample quantity,worth having. The chicken lollipop was disastrous, with not well fried. In main course we had butter chicken,mutton hand I. Quantity and quality both was value for money. Hope to visit it soon again.
Rated Nice tandoori food... The mutton sheek and fish tikka was really great.. Quick serving and place is also decent and neat ... Cost is also nominal ??
Rated We ordered a light dinner of chicken liver & pota mix starter, paneer bhurji and tandoori rotis. Paneer was fresh & bhurji was tasty, home cooked style. Chicken liver-pota mix was yummy too. Rotis were made of wheat, soft & fresh. Food arrived in time. Had a satisfying meal. It's your go to place if you like simple food without too many trimmings. On an earlier occasion, we have tried the reshmi tandoori chicken, which is delicious too.
Rated I have ordered a few times. Good food. Tried d butter chicken, chickn tandoori, pota, chkn bhuna...all good. Service is ok....delivery does take a bit time. All in all a good place.
Rated From outside it looks like a very casual dining place but there AC seating area is good and gives you a feel of fine dining area . Like any other veg restaurant this too has various menu option of multiple cuisines. I find this place as good family dining restaurant.
Rated Ordered paneer butter masala.... Butter naan and veg jalferizi .. Taste was really good. Price is also ok as per quality of food they deliver. Overall good experience. Vegi u can opt this place..
Rated Been here for a family party, they have an open roof option too. South Indian food that we ordered was good. It's a good option for pure veg dining.
Rated The quality of food has been reduced heaps and bounds! Regular family restaurant with regular non-ac section on the ground floor and ac section on the 1st floor. They even have an open party hall for small gatherings and birthday parties. The food quality here was amazing when they 1st started out but then they just lost their charm over the years. Can always go here for a quick bite if your with family.
Rated Nice cozy place. Have tried the paneer tikka masala, butter naan, dal tadka and jeera rice here. The food is just yummy. The price is of the dishes is reasonable!!
Rated Awesome food and most important the hotel was light on pockets too. Service was remarkable and waiters were too good. Home delivery is very fast too..:)
Rated The food is good...specially the pavbhaji..have tried most of the items here..and they do a good job..the home delivery service is also quick..and dats the bst part..
Rated I am writing this review just for restaurant part of it.. This one serves descent quality of Tandoor food. I personally prefer tandoori here which Is quite lovely! Good place to hangout with friends if you are on nearby Mulund area. It is just beside the Nirmal lifestyle Mulund.
Rated Restaurant and bar at sonapur signal.It has family as well as bar section.Food served here is both veg and non veg and the quality and quantity is good too.. With reasonable price.. Visited here for the first time and it did not disappointed us so you all should go and enjoy the diner here.. Suggestion to hotel - Service is not up to the mark Click below and explore the photos.. Thank you take care
Rated It's right at the corner of the signal but don't worry about parking they will help you out. Not a typical bar but a good restro with a bar option. The food here is decent... We had chicken lollipops, it was decent. Had good portion of chicken in it. You can order anything from the tandoor option it's amazing. It has a family section upstairs.
Rated I think it's the last restaurant in Bhandup towards Mulund, tucked away at a corner of LBS Marg. Went through different reviews after checking into the restaurant. So in confusion I ordered my drink and while thinking for the starter, they came with the complimentary peanut and chips, which is surprising as I never got any complimentary snacks in Mumbai so far. But anyhow I ordered my snacks that's again peanut masala and it was not bad. And went thoroughly to their menu and as usual ordered for Mutton biryani. Though, I didn't get the brilliant biryani at par the standard I am searching for, it was not bad and at least better than any other restaurants in Bhandup. Mutton was fresh and delicately cooked. Rice was also cooked well and looked better. And yes, they are very pocket friendly. Staff was very courteous and helpful. Overall, a good place to spend some time if not full. Yes, not to forget, though, they are not famous and popular but they do know about service and presentation, look at the photos of their plates, they have delicately carved their name in to it and it's rare and you can find it only in top restaurants. For me, it's first case in Mumbai so far.
Rated let me start with the restaurant image which honestly is not very great but little do they know about the food this place serves. located at a not so famous location and bar setup as well, this place is surely to give you doubts about the food... let me tell u they have one of the best sea food and nonveg dishes to offer. butter chicken, fish curry, tandoori, are definitely a must try.. Vegeterians... dont be disheartened as there is an array of dishes for u'll as well. the signature shaam savera and palak khichdi is simply irresistible and a must... hit this place with ur family (in the family section.. lol) and u will definitely fell in love with the food... drawback if any can be the service time... but can be ignored... cheers.
Rated Have been here once when I went to watch a movie at Nirmal. Thw drinks here are priced very reasonably and the food also is pretty decent. Good place for hangout with friends, but not with family i would suggest.
Rated I have been to this place many times n it has never disappointed me. Food is excellent and the price is reasonable. True value for money. Order any thing and it will satisfy you. Service is also good.
Rated Very Good Food along with prompt service the management is really very friendly amd helpfull. Nice party hall on the first floor can accomodate almost 100- 120 people.
Rated A good place to hangout with friends... Decent taste with reasonable price. Best part is they accept food coupons for drinks as well (done by very few in mumbai). The restaurant is open till 2am and they also take order till 1.30am. The service is also quite decent for the price range it is in.
Rated Excellent Mangalorian fare of Sukka Chicken and Kori Roti, with decent North Indian at a very decent price. I have been a regular "home delivery" customer and have never been disappointed with their food at their service.
Rated Good food , and yes it has the authentic taste which is reallllyy spicy and good to eat . Somewhere the quantity was a bad affair . But good place for home delivery and must try is the mutton and chicken thali .
Rated Authentic Malwani food at very reasonable price and simply yummy. The delivery is also quick. Bangda Bhujane was really delicious.
Rated Good place to enjoy kokani food. Quantity is good as well quality. Good place to try nonveg kokani thalis. Service is little slow, but bearable. Food is fresh at least in thali menus.
Rated I'd been meaning to order in from this place for a while. Until I decided to go ahead and do that the day before. I called in for a Chicken Biryani, along with a Chicken Liver Masala. (What can I say, I like extra meat!) Both, the biryani, and the curry, were delicious, and that's not something I say about everything I eat. They weren't out-of-the-world delicious, because frankly, there's a lot of better coastal food out there in the world. But at least for Bhandup, where I haven't come across many other this was excellent. The only gripe I have about their food is the amount of oil that goes into it. I'd probably have loved the liver even more had I not seen a layer of oil on top of the gravy. But I suppose that's just a personal preference. All in all, I'd recommend this place.
Rated Yesterday we had visited Kokan Swad. I heard lot about the place. Just started on November with New staff. Its an authentic place for Kokan dishes. At one time around 40-50 peoples can have meals. I ordered Dal Khichadi with Bobil Fry. My wife felt the Quantity is very less compare to the price. But taste was good. Bobil Fry was very crispy. Service is little bit slower side.
Rated Very slow service ordered thali it took more than 20 minutes to arrive. But taste was good fish fresh. Must improve in service a good place for Konkani food in bhandup. Will try again
Rated Bang opposite Bhandup station this is an udupi place just as the name suggests. Not much to talk about interiors or ambience, you get what you pay for ie. delicious South Indian items. Madras cafe's USP is the location and opening hours. It opens early in the morning, perfect for hot kaphi and dosa. I have called their food at home as well. The delivery is quick and items arrive fresh. Perfect for a sunday morning breakfast! thenomadicgourmet.com
Rated Visited to this place , I started with idli and vada with sambar. The idli was soft vada was well cooked however the sambar taste was something different. May be its my taste I like a particular type of sambar. Then 2 v Mallu ppl only like Sambhar & Chutney which is cooked at home, & v mostly avoid southindian foods in restaurant. then It was missing Something. Then I had Masala dosa with coconut chutny it was very spicy could not finish it. Service was slow Ok Ambiance South Indian food lovers can visit to this place will love it.... Thank you
Rated Good for South Indian breakfast dishes. The Vada Sambhar, Idli Sambhar, Rava Masala Dosa, Mysore Masala Dosa and other Dosas are good. None South Indian dishes are chalta hai types.
Rated Food Eaten: 1. Idli Wala( 7/10) - The idli was cold and looked like it was prepared hours before. The wada was big and crispy. 2. Paper Masala Dosa( 9/10)- I give it 9 on the basis of its huge size. I have only seen a few dosas as long as this one. Plus the cost of this one was just INR 87. This is worth every penny. 3. Onion Uttappam (8/10)- The size was bigger than most of the Uttappams served in other places. But I expected the taste to be a tad better. 4. Filter Coffee(7/10)- The biggest letdown was the coffee. Had expected it to be top notch considering this is an Udipi. Needs to improve the taste of coffee. Service : It was quite fast and satisfying.
Rated The waiters were baffled when they heard our order here..Veg Pulao with Paneer Butter Masala. Truth be that we needed something sweet in your dish...the spicy food had already wreaked havoc in our tummies and nothin can be sweeter than pulao and butter masala items. The pulao was delicious...an ample quantity of rice,paneer and veggies: Cooked specifically to match our sweet tooth.The paneer also was cooked to our liking..A special mention to the Butter Chapati...It was simply too good. P.S: 2nd review in Mumbai...Jai Maharashtra .
Rated I have been visiting since my childhood.. During that days it was the only restaurant which was good enough.. It actually stealled the business from near by restaurant .. I am rating these place based on my childhood experiences.. These place is very close to my heart and it will always be
Rated Was on the way to home from work & came across this hotel. I had the mysore masala. Nothing special. Decent taste. Nice amount of masala. Good chutney!!
Rated I had a massive taste explosion after just one bite into this amazing Chicken burger. I think it was a chicken thigh with a gorgeously crunchy exterior and juicy goodness of the meat inside. The burger also had the right amount of lettuce and mayonnaise. To sum it up, I'm coming back for more and I'm surely advertising it to everyone I know!
Rated While in Bhandup for some work, a quick zomato search pointed me in the direction of The spot. The eatery is pretty small and would have been easy to miss had it not been so brightly painted. The spot is basically a cash counter, a soda machine and some place to stand. There is no place to sit, so its best to thought of as an order in or take away place. I ordered the BBQ chicken burger with cheese, the schezwan chicken burger with cheese and French fries. Both the burgers had a good amount of sauce and tasted exactly like they sounded. The chicken was in chunks instead of a patty and was well cooked. The fries weren't super crispy. They have a variety of flavoured sodas, we had kacha aam and kala khata and both tasted great. Overall the spot is a good place to order in or take away from. The food is tasty and its pretty inexpensive.
Rated Great place. Location is an advantage for them. Some delicious burgers with good quality and quantity of stuffing. Can order on call for office parties. Better than McDonald's burgers.
Rated Normally when we say burger this joint does not come to mind....But yesterday when i tasted their burger I really loved it... Located opposite to Huma on the way to station it is always busy...After coming from a morning show was feeling hungry and was not thinking of spending a lot...So I went to this eatery... They had several options both in veg and non-veg...I had ordered Tandoori chicken cheese burger...The chicken was crisp and spicy..... the bun was also soft...some extra cheese could have been added...but overall it was good I will be visiting this place again...Its good for after office snacks....
Rated If someone were to say "Lets eat burgers and zingers" then KFC would be the only place that comes in mind. But The Spot has really earned its name to earn 5 stars. I visited the branch that is just outside Kanjurmarg Station. The locality is always bustling with people travelling to and fro work. And if you happen to feel hungry, then this is the perfect place to be. Not only do you have a wide variety of choice on the menu, but also get served in a matter of mins. And from every time I visit the place, it always serves hot, juicy burgers. (My mouth is actually watering when I'm typing this) This is a perfect place to eat if you are on a strict budget, but if you still wanna taste some burgers, Chicken Strips etc. Kudos to the management. We hope you guys arrive in Kalyan. Soon....
Rated Merry Christmas foodies : So i caught Star wars today and was also craving for Burgers. If you're in Mumbai and sick of eating Pav Bhaji...come to this place. The burgers are just too soft and juicy and tempting. I couldn't stop at 1. Had Chicken Malai and Chicken Schezuwan with Malai dip. The malai dip is a strange sauce made of mayo and other spices..very juicy and very fattening. But hey, its Christmas ; no need to watch those carbs 😊 My personal recommendation.Start with something basic such as Chicken Burger and upgrade it with extra cheese malai or tandoor sauce. This place hits at the right Spot of any foodies burger fantasies..keep up the good service😊
Rated Ordered a barbecue chicken burger. The service was timely and the price decent (Rs. 60). The texture and taste was acceptable. I like the soda dispenser they have. Overall, it's a nice place, though it is recommended to eat early in the day when the patties are fresh.
Rated Its a tiny place for a quick bite. Price is the best for what we are served. Had a chicken burger many a times & still love it. The Bbq chicken burger is also good.
Rated I had the chicken shezwan burger in here. Very very paisa vasool. Mind blowing shezwaan and good chicken. The have delivery options too. Try them
Rated If you want to have decent quality food in Huma mall then this place is for you. Taste is good. Please note that this hotel is not pocket friendly. Parking is available.
Rated Visited this place after office hours with a colleague. The ambience is quite ok, bit like a family dining look. We ordered drinks n chicken kebabs n some veg starters. The kebab was good, but the service was not that great as the staff were not attentive. Prices are a bit high, we ended with cheese nan which was nice.
Rated Huma might be one of the shabbiest mall in the city. It is like walking through ruins. They've got some guts to open up in such a place. 😷 The ambience is the usual fine dine. The food is average. Had ordered the chicken sweet corn soup which was just okay. When browsing through an exhaustive menu, thought about getting some recommendations from the staff. It was a wasted attempt as he couldn't explain anything. The funniest of replies were like.." Sir, chicken and gravy hoga".. " sir, usmein chicken aayega..aisey (he gestured the shape of a cup with his hands)" ...I was like, wow! I asked a tricky question...didn't I? 😜 I went with what I thought would be best and the dragon chicken was served. It was nice, hot and flavourful. The service was good throughout. It was followed by an American chicken chop suey which was too much in quantity and mediocre in taste. A bit expensive considering, you ain't happy right from the time you walked through the shabby ruins and will be walking all the way back through the same after having average food.
Rated Decided to go there after watching movie in huma but was not a good decision! Food is decent but prices of both food and drinks are quite high which is not worth to spend here! Staff is not active, service is slow.
Rated First attempt at any outlet in the Bhandup area. Shabbiest mall ever! All empty, odd structure. Anyway enough to if that, back to the store. Food: 3.5/5. Average menu, tried the basic Indian items and were good enough. Service: 4/5. Good service, decent waiters. They were helpful and always available. Ambience: 2/5. Tried very very hard at a good ambience but did not come out right. The people there were also odd. Don't go on a date there. Friend groups can have fun. Prices: 3/5. Average, not high not low. Affordable. Overall it is the best joint in that location, so if you are there like me and need a bite to eat it won't hurt to go there.
Rated This place serves one of the better Mutton Biryanis. Nicely cookes mutton in rice cooked with a little bit of ghee. Never crowded. Best part is the music. They play mostly the gazals. Good place to hangout with friends and sipping a couple of drinks.
Rated Yet another a fine dine bar with nice ambiance and average food. It is mostly in lines of other one level up bars with better food, service and ambiance. Drinks are priced average and not cheap but considering the ambiance and service they are quite acceptable. Ambiance is very light and sophisticated ideal for family dining and even work meetings. Not much is there for young people but that is not an issue. Staff is good and knows their job well. They will also help well with deciding your order. Food is average and here lies the reason why abhinandan, laxmi and appetite which are not very far from here are more preferable to this place. I had veg spring rolls and surmai masala. Spring Rolls were a bit below average and hardly pleased me while the fish curry was better and highly spiced as i demanded. But still the gravy was killing the basic texture of fish and authenticity was compromised. In all ill say to skip this place as many better options are available. My Rating: 1. Food: 3/5 2. Ambiance: 3.5/5 3. Service: 3.5/5 4. Value of Money: 3/5 neverknowsbest.in
Rated Har been here today for ofc lunch....with team...kebabs were good but biryqani was disappointing..it was really spicy....veg crispy wqs also good.....good fo kebabs..service is also good.....
Rated Cost of items is slightly high. Ambience is good. Taste is not so good but average. Once can try it once. I am rating it 3.5 because of high cost.
Rated Ambience is good. The food is average and the rates are affordable. A good place to hangout if you want a nice and quiet atmosphere. They don't serve beer in mugs but instead in huge glasses which was not quite what I expected though 😁.
Rated Tis place is a place ever crowded n people are in the quee to dine here Good interior good food best staff The food is good typical North Indian food but with South Indian touch to it The chicken handi is to die for Even the veg preparation is good But the worst thing is delivery thing which I guess tey hav stopped
Rated Food was fantastic things i didn't like was the service n some technical restaurant aspects ...you need to keep your tables n table cloth clean n the associates i.e servers should look after guest more prominently like giving menu card water etc.. N last and the foremost build a better washroom please.
Rated The food was pretty good but the service is pretty lousy. I would rate in minus for the waiters here as they were pretty rude to us. My order didn't come in time either given that it was a weekday. I wouldn't advise girls to visit this place because the place is just not appropriate.
Rated Once again typically Mumbai Bar. Good place to hangout with out buddies and having drinks. It is close to Bhandup Station. Food taste is good.
Rated We visited this place on my sister birthday. We where gang of 12 kids included. It's good that family restaurant and bar is detaches. Ambience is not so good. Feels like you entered in haunted house. But food was excellent. They do have variety to serve.
Rated This was my first in Bhandup. Prices are a bit steep for the quantity, but food is nice. Biryani was spicy but likable. Had egg curry another time and it was not bad. Waiters are efficient but order is sometimes late. Try this one if you are hungry after getting down at the station.
Rated Near to the station..so no problem after getting drunk to get back home indirectly to travel Having good taste and proper service Waiters are polite I tried tandoori, paneer chilly dry,butter chicken it was awesome to taste Bit high in cost but as a bar its all fine To chill out wid fam or frnz it is good place
Rated Very nice taste.We used to order parcel from here.One should try butter chicken,it is awesome. Tandoori is also nice.It is located near station area.
Rated Small restaurant just outside the Railway Station on the Western side.Reasonable is the first word that comes to mind. The Paneer Bhurji here is most unique I have ever had. I would visit this place just to have this Paneer Bhurji.Chicken dishes are good too.
Rated Its an ok ok place the quntity of food is ok but the quality i didnt find it much great. Felt the chicken was not cooked as it was taking time to chew.
Rated Food over here is really amazing💋 n tasty👍..d chicken🐓 is tendered 😊n juicy😀..Butter chicken is gr8😇..lollypop r good n juicy😆..Chicken Angara😍 was good..Chicken biryani😘😘 is good..v called for home delivery d service☺ is so quick that with in 15min🕑 d food was delivered💃💃💕💗💙...small quantity order is also been delivered.😊. Very easy on pockets💸💰💳..quantity 👏is good with good quality.👌
Rated Ordered some food from Maaz. Definitely value for money. Also, quantity of food is more than expectation. I have to agree that the taste is not the authentic moghlai that we usually look for. However, the taste is pretty good which makes up for the lost authenticity! Chicken tandoori and Tangdi biryani were really good. Best option for some sasta sundar tikau stuff ;)
Rated If you consider the pricing, the place is more than worth the food it serves. Butter Chicken for 2 at less than 100 bucks. Tried the Chicken crispy too and it was on par. The Caramel Custard though, is out of the world.
Rated Me and my wife had ordered food for delivery from Cafe Maaz for lunch on a weekend. We had a Full Tandoori chicken for the appetizers, Chicken Biryani and Chicken Tikka Biryani for the mains and Caramel Custard for the desserts. The full tandoori chicken was served as one full tandoor cooked bird. Visually the chicken was presented weird. The chicken could very easily be disjointed but the presentation for me felt lazy. The flavor however, was spot on! A good tandoori chicken would have a chicken drumstick cooked white throughout and yet succulent. A great tandoori chicken would have chicken breast cooked moist and succulent and that was what I got! The chicken breast here was beautifully cooked. It cut like butter and at the same time had a wonderful texture of the chicken breast. The vegetable salad served along with the chicken did not taste fresh while the pudina chutney had an overwhelming flavor of green chillies blowing away my palate. The chutney hardly had any refreshing flavor of mint and curd. The chicken biryani tasted disappointing. The rice hardly had any flavor of the meat or spices. This left an unsatisfactory connection between the rice and meat thereby killing the essence of a biryani. The rice was not basmati rice as well. The chicken was beautifully cooked while the masala did not capture the flavor of the spices. The chicken tikka biryani tasted similar except for the chicken tikka in the biryani and rice cooked in cumin. The rice felt cheap like the one in chicken biryani. Overall my experience with the biryani was bad. The caramel custard tasted absolute yum. It tasted very light and refreshing. The dish was not bitter as well and that is a relief! I do not remember when I last tasted a non-bitter caramel custard. I loved the dish! All in all I would go with 3.5 out of 5 for Cafe Maaz. A very good Tandoori chicken and caramel custard ruined by a weird tasting biryani.
Rated I liked this place and the food here. Mutton dishes are good but only 2 pcs/serving (however negotiable considering low cost). Always crowded, friendly waiters; both AC and non-AC sections are there. Biryanis are average.
Rated This place serves one of the best non veg food...i have been here around 4-5 times and i wasnt disappointed anytime. Though they should try getting different flavours as i have felt the same flavour for few dishes here. What is interesting about this place is the cost. Very feasible for the pocket.
Rated Maaz is very well know for its biryani With low price and great tasty non veg food I will surely recommend u for maaz!!! Ambiance is not that good , not even their services people only come here for the taste!!!!
Rated cafe maaz is one of the best restaurant in bhandup that i have come across, it satisfies your hunger and goes easy on your pocket, i mean where will you get chicken dishes only for 95rs and the quantity is so much that 2 people can easily eat, even quality wise it's very good, their chinese is really good and tasty. i think you should not hesitate while ordering from here but just order and enjoy the food.
Rated This place was recommended by a friend and we ordered from Zomato yesterday. The delivery took almost and hour but surprisingly the food was worth the wait. The chicken satey is a must try and the noodles were satisfactory. toutlemondepeutcuisiner.wordpress.com
Rated Finally a decent restaurant that serves good veg fare and the price justifies the quantity. This is one of the few restaurants in bhandup that function post 12 am and being a night owl usually end up having my late night dinners here. The food quality is very good the waiters are courteous and the ambience is quiet. It does not serve liquor and hence does not invite a noisy crowd. The place also provides a 10 percent discount if you order a home delivery from their website and the owner is kind enough to let you use the wifi if you ask. I keep going back to this restaurant for the only reason that the quantity is so good that one portion of a vegetable or rice is filing for a family of two.
Rated This is a new restaurant in Bhandup West with nice seating arrangements. The food quality is good, North Indians would love the taste, however it is somewhat expensive. Overall, a decent place to dine out.
Rated The restaurant is quite small and very brightly lit, the ambience is not so good but the food is tasty. The service is good. A good place for a takeout or a quick meal, not great for dates or a nice family dinner. It is now becoming our favorite place to get home delivery. Their portions are generous and food is tasty. Tangdi kebab is so far my favorite dish from Fuzion's.
Rated The ambience is good food quality is also up to the mark but the quantity is a bit less according to price ₹900 would be appropriate for 2 people overall its nice
Rated My daughters 2nd Birthday was celebrated at Fuzion's. It was a very special day for my daughter and I chose Fuzions to throw a party for 30 people. Food at Fuzions is very delicious. We had Soup followed by two starters in veg and two starters in non veg which was followed by main course. Each and every guest was complimenting the food and the service. They liked the food a lot. Ambience of Fuzions is too good. Mr Choudhary has hired the best cooks in the industry. I have been a regular guest at Fuzions and I would give it 5 Stars.
Rated Very few places in Mumbai will offer you good momos but this is an exception. Lying just outside kanjurmarg station ,you can satiate you momos need .the menu offers a good variety ,food is fresh and prices are reasonable too. The staff can be little friendly
Rated Being from Delhi-NCR, I can say the momos they serve are pretty decent. The have lots of varieties of momos, in both fried and steamed, and the price is also good
Rated Fairly decent as per Mumbai standards of momos. A lot of options available too! I found the filling to be good, but what left me somewhat disappointed was the skin of the momos. It felt simply too thick, and made the momos chewy. Spoilt the fun of steamed momos. Better to have such momos fried. Pricing and quantity is spot on. The food seems to be hygienically prepared. Worth a visit.
Rated The place is very near to Kanjur marg station and also near to the lbs road. Everything about this place is excellent. Each variety of momos, taste is awesome. Just one problem is that the shop is too small and there is very small place to stand and eat.
Rated I'm amazed by the amount of flavours they get into those little momos. Every bite decorates your palate and leaves you wanting for more. Super easy on the pockets!
Rated This is right outside the busy Kanjurmarg station. And this is very popular cos it sells what other fast food joints in the street don't. And that's momos. For max budget of 80 bucks you're guaranteed to have your tummy full. Definitely a bang for a buck place to eat. Will try out their steamed momos and their mutton momos soon (provided it's in Stock).
Rated Authentic momos from North East. Good to taste and more than enough quantity for snack of two in one plate. Do try out the chicken achari and the fried momos out here. ??
Rated This place really works well with college crowd, students and other youngsters. Unlike other expensive momos outlets, they have managed to keep prices low. You will always get fresh supply of momos here as people keep buying till 10 pm. I tried vegetable and chicken momos. Dish was extremely hot and that is how it should be. They give red sauce ( schezwan I guess ) along with curd based sauce with momos. I personally like spicy sauce with momos and the red sauce was up to the mark. Though the address here says its in bhandup , its actually near kajurmarg station. The place gives ample varieties of steamed and fried momos in descent prices.
Rated I used to avoid their signature chilli Cheesy Momo as it is only available with the fried variant. After having finally tasted this upon recommendation of the store in charge, I must admit I haven't tasted something as heavenly as this, the other momos are pretty good too, but try the chilli cheesy one (veg), it is a cut above the rest. The Achari momos are amazing as well. Overall this is a really good place to grab that quick bite after a long day of work.
Rated We had heard about this restaurant for its food and it's chant going on in d restaurant. So me and my family visited this place for dinner and tried our hands on its Thai soup it was delicious but munchow soup was OK. Then tried its sabjhi and roti. One was veg hydrabadi and other veg Nawabi. Both were good, one can try it's food. The rates here are reasonable.
Rated After free food at bhandup .. thought to have desserts nearby ... stepped in and ordered gopalas special falooda .. they gave me a dirty spoon and plate bit disappointed .. falooda was awesome loved it. They need to change cutlery.
Rated A really good joint for all cuisine.. Great chinese, punjabi and pizzas. The Naan's are really good and the quality of food you get here is great. Loved veg. Nawabi and paneer mumyaz/lazeez. The mocktails are not good though!
Rated Good casual dining place with pocket friendly price and huge menu options. Food quality is decent and quantity is good. Went there twice but both the time found there service to be slow.
Rated Actually this place is in Kanjurmarg west. I usually order home delivery from here as it is near to my place. Everything is tasty here, from dosas, pav bhaji, pizza, idli, coconut chutney and sambhar are more awesome. This place is near to station. Evening usually is packed and weekends you will have to wait in queue for the table. It is because of tastiest food people come here.
Rated This one is a kind of restaurant where you can eat all you want.... Literally all you want and the bill doesn't exceed 150 per person!!!! I have been here twice and each exoericnce was tasty and happy. My first visit, we sat in the A/c hall and it was quite spacious, and a bit crowded due to the afternoon time where people form nearby areas come to have their lunch. J have heard a lot about this restaurant form my fellow foodie buddies. This place deserves A tag, "Light on pocket, but not on your tummy!!!" We ordered some new items i.e Veg. Peshawari, masala kulcha and rumali roti. Each of these was tasty even by itself. The sabji was medium spicy with delicious gravy and yummy and soft kofta. The rumali roti was super thin and buttery. The masala kulcha was tasty too. Then we ordered a buttermilk and lassi, and this drinks made the whole lunch complete and I didn't even have any space left for ice cream!!! And the bill didn't even cross 320!!! That too in the a/c section. Its the best place to treat your friends. The food is awesome and the prices are totally worth it!!! Then I visited this place recently... and that experience was a bit disappointing. We friends were on a road trip and we didn't have a poroer meal for the whole day, so some 6 in the evening we all were damn hungry and so I suggested this place.... We went in there , the a/c hall was booked, but fortunately we got seats in the ground floor without any waiting. Then later my friends started complaining that its a vegetarian hotel, I said come on guys, its a very famous hotel , aaj ek din veg kha lo!!!! Then after a lot of discussion and fights we settled for some two sabji and then when we were placing our order the guy said yeh Sab 7 baje k Baad milega!!! Again I had to hear the taunts of my friends. Then I said ek mendu wada and ek misal pav leke aao and by the time he brought that we were ready with out order. We went for shezwan fired rice and panner burnt noodles. The menduwada tasted so good, I guess that was cause our growling tummies got something to work on, but the misal pav was not that satisfying. Then after a loong wait of 7-8 minutes we were served with tasty Chinese food. The quantity was very disappointing though and the food got over in less then a couple of minutes. The panner noodles were a good treat with the soft panneer bearing a Chinese tastem the fried rice were very average. Then we decided to go some where else where my find suggested ek papper masala dosa mangao, that would be good. So we went for it and it was the best decision of the day!!! The dosa was 1.5 feet long and covered most of our table!! I expected it to be bing , bit this big!!! Then we all dug in and it tasted great too. It was totally crisp and had a buttery taste. The masala was less in quantity, the chutney was chilled and the sambhar was warm!!! It had a really yummy effect on our tastebuds!!! And with the end of the dosa, it also ended our hunger strike!!! It was totally every single penny!!! So guys this place has some really tasty treats at really affordable prices, its a must try if you are in the localtiy!!
Rated I have visited Gopalas Bits and Bites and Gopalas Next and I put Kanjur's Gopalas veg kitchen as second best in the list. Chinese food is nice, not too spicy and that's good. I have visited too many times and the experience was good.
Rated The only decent place in the long stretch. I think it instantly became a common place for the locals. The food is decent. I had order parcel many times. Overall good.
Rated The food is good. Though some of the items were bit oily. Different varieties of food choices are available (veg only). Ambiance is good. Pav bhaji is a must try.
Rated The best hotel one can find after a night movie at Huma.. The ambience is good enough and the food which they provide is 100% veg. So it was very useful for me during Tuesday and Thursday?
Rated Initially the food served was delicious but since last three orders we have noticed that the chicken is not tender at all and the food prepared is not fresh . My recommendations would be to serve fresh chicken .
Rated If anyone is a chinese lover one should order from here ....Quantity was amazing...food tasted very good and even the delivery tymings are good..! IWill definately order again....
Rated Ordered through food panda. Quantity was sufficient only for one guy. Ordered Garlic chicken rice, it was little spicy but worth it. If I had to go out for Asian or Chinese cuisine I would go rather to 5 Spice or Mainland China.
Rated If any one is a lover of Chinese food..u should go to bell pepper... Assoume taste heart food quality,delivery timings is very gud...I love the name of the restaurant...
Rated Must say that the order placed was delivered promptly The quantity & quality was too good , Much appreciated . The Supreme exotic tasted good recommended
Rated This place is good as same as every natural ice cream parlour The anjeer one is my all time favourite The waffles available are also good But I prefer eating on cup Have tried all the flavours They truly are on their name Natural ... The flavour gives the exact taste like fruits Only bad thing if tis place is no place to sit n enjoy the ice cream
Rated 10 out of 5. Best ice cream in India. Try all the flavors and you will surely fall in love with it. Each and every outlet of naturals ice cream serves the same quality. Price is also cheap for this kind of testy ice cream. Even if I love all the flavors but still if you try their tender coconut flavor you can't resist yourself to have that everyday. Every outlet of natural's are identical but it may happen that the availability of all the flavors may varie this is because of their huge popularity. But still you can find the common flavors anytime. A scoop will cost you 50 bugs and if you want it with a wafer it will cost only 10bugs extra. And for a large bucket it cost only 235 bugs which is quite cheap. You don't have to pay any extra tax here. All the flavors are of same price. Unfortunately you can't find any proper tables here but still there is some chairs for you. It is recommend for take away ,they do a really good packaging to take the ice cream home. Overall must visit for every ice cream lover. :)
Rated It's the most exciting place and not a single flavour should disappoint you. so good. The first flavour i tried , probably 5 years ago , was the tender coconut one. I still remember ; i thought how could they possibly make this taste like tender coconut. By the end i think the only difference between the icecream and original tender coconut was that the icecream was chilled... Hailing from Kerala ive had more tender coconuts that a lot of people but this was so authentic i couldnt believe 😭 Choco almond is great , choco cream is so smooth and creamy ofc , one of my favourite. Had sitaphal flavour for new year's ,Ok Wow. I literally cannot imagine how they get those flavours.
Rated I don't know why we need to make a review for the " Natural's" . The taste is too good !!! Almost I had tried all the flavors they had with them!!!!
Rated Natural's is famous for there sitafal ice cream.. When me and family are around natural's than we have the sitafal flavour only.. Natural's is the best
Rated The taste of natural ice cream has gone down a lot :-( It leaves milk taste in mouth And comparatively other Indian new creams are good.. It's good for once a while
Rated Natural's Ice-cream…Mouthwatering, isn't it??? I've been going to natural's since time immemorial…i seriously don't remember how long it has been, since childhood it's my favourite ice-cream spot… Natural's is a brand already and yes from my personal experience I can tell that you can expect the same 'quality ice-cream' and 'natural taste' whether you go to any of it's outlet's. Talking about it's Bhandup Outlet… The location is good, it's not very big, but still in that space, they provide seating, air condition and quick service. The staff is very good and welcoming. I am very well acquainted with them all. After the nirmal lifestyle's outlet got shut, this one is my fav spot especially in summer's. Even when we go out for dinner, we have ice-cream from natural's on our way back home. Though i'm very choosy about what I eat, I have tried almost all the flavours available here and trust me you will also love them all. My favourite is strawberry, which is a seasonal flavour (ah! I have to wait alot for it) sitafal, mango, tender coconut etc are very famous. They also provide with fruit pieces as topping on ice-cream (extra charges) If you cannot decide between two flavours and also don't wanna order for a double scoop, don't worry, they offer an option of choosing any two different flavours in a single scoop (NO extra charges). I generally order for anjeer and roasted almond mix. So what are you waiting for…? Just go, order one and experience the naturally good taste.
Rated Its a brand name already! Well, i have tried almost allllllll the ice cream flavors out here. It is most famous for the Tender coconut flavor! And you GOTTA TRY it once in ur life. A mild and soothing flavor which is not too sweet. While the other flavors are also good enough; i didn't like mango flavored ice cream though.. didn't seem "natural" :-/
Rated Naturals Ice Cream- My mouth starts watering after I hear this name. You'll almost find all seasonal fruit flavor ice cream and it is simply a wow feeling to have those seasonal ice creams at reasonable costs I have tried almost all the flavours and they all are very very yuummmmyyyyy....... The place is super clean and and the employees serving the ice cream wear head masks and gloves on hands and dats very great !!!! Always looking forward to go there ...........:)
Rated It's a chilled out place to order from . Food is good . The quantities are also good enough for 2 ppl to eat properly . The service was quick and food got delivered well In time . Will definately order from here next time !
Rated It is basically a take away outlet. They have good Chinese food. Good place to order if you are willing for a quick bite. Home delivery service is fast.
Rated Good food at good price, curries are not traditionally on the heavy side and a must place though I ordered online through zomato so can't comment on restaurant.
Rated It is just for delivery outlet which delivers tasty and yummy food from their big menu items. Just near by to my home. I usually order from here if there is nothing to eat at home and if I am very much hungry and want food to come home very fast then I call here. They usually close late but from few days they are closing early before 12. Kanjurites and bhandupites must try to order from here and taste the good food.
Rated This place just accepts home delivery. Price is moderate and provide a variety of dishes in veg and non veg. But, (yes there is always a but) all the dishes have excess quantity of oil. The food is undoubtly tasty but you feel like you are drowning in oil and spice. I would like to recommend them to please reduce the amount of oil.
Rated This takeaway branch of Cheftoon is nearby my brother's place. And we have ordered numerous times from them instead of they never stand on what we wanted or what they promised. But, there is not much option in Kanjurmarg and one find it really tough not to order sometimes. Yesterday, we ordered Singapore noodles and aloo ka parantha. First time, they come up with the less spicy and very near to what we ordered. Sigapore noodles were just right and as per our instructions. As usual, they messed up the Aloo ka parantha. They put a lot of red chilly powder in the filling and it was spicy to the core and I had to throe it away. Delivery: They are really fast in this and were at our doorstep in less than 20 minutes of order. Appreciate this.
Rated Have been ordering at work from this place for quite a while now. And they definitely must be appreciated for delivering right up to Thane well before the given time. The food is always fresh and warm when it arrives and the packing also is much better than others who deliver around. Their chicken biryani is my favourite. Also the vegetarian counterpart is worth having. The butter chicken though wasn't as great. I have certainly had better at other places. Also the veg seekh kebabs lacked right amount of spice. But this place deserves a thumbs up for its biryani!
Rated We order from cheftoon quiet a lot.. the food used to be pretty decent. . I personally liked the chicken crispy a lot.. now u hv to search for chicken in the crispy.. itz just flour which is fried n tossed in masala with too much of colour.
Rated I loved there strategy of serving online .. I ordered online via food ordering app.. They serve good food.. Tasty is good and quality is also good
Rated They prepare awesome food.. Love their every dish.. A boon in kanjur and bhandup where eating options are very limited.. Delivery timelines are quick aswell...
Rated Ordered food at 9pm , its 10.57 now and food isnt here yet. Called the hotel three times after ordering the food with each time the receptionist sweetly lying that the food has left. Actually the food is kind of good, but such kind of customer satisfaction is not acceptable. Definitely not ordering from here again.
Rated Its a place where you can get the best service.. It was a WoW experience... today.. Must visit.. once. Food, ambience, service everything😍
Rated Had no expectations when coming here. It was not planned and it was like as if we didn't have any choice. The place itself doesn't give you much hope and then we ordered the normal stuff.. Chicken Biriyani Boneless and Shezwan Tripple Fried Rice. It was enough for the three of us. But believe me, it was lovely. The dishes tasted amazing. And its not just me, all three of us liked it equally. It was an unplanned, unexpected wonderful experience.
Rated I have tried almost all the food available here. the chicken sandwich is awesome.. mix veg kolhapuri. grill sandwich. fried rice... all the dishes are up to the mark with perfect texture colour and taste..... I always visit here with my family perfect for family and get together
Rated I have ordered more than 30 times(home delivery) and never gone wrong. Always delivered food on time. Chinese dishes are the one which are the best, however u can try some combos like lolipop with rice and many more.
Rated I usually have my non veg food delivered home from here. The delivery is really quick i.e within 15 to 20 min. The food is very good and cheap. Also the food delivered is packed properly.
Rated I know a lot of people seem not to like this place and give it a rating that's below the belt. But in my opinion, it delivers bang for buck. They don't pretend to be a fine-dine, and don't make food like one either. The food's pretty local and pretty cheap. I've tried their Chicken Biryani, the Chicken Masala, their Triple Schezwan Fried Rice, Dal Fry, Alu Jeera, and Butter Naans. The only gripe I have is that the naans are a bit chewy. Other than that, I'm pretty damned happy with the place. And also glad that they serve non-vegetarian food now. Try it, but know that you're not getting into a place that promises velvety textures and soothing aromas on their menu.
Rated Shagun is a small space in Bhandup(W) offering the regular North Indian/Chinese fare. We ordered chicken Manchow soup for starters, Mix Hakka Noodles and a Chicken Triple Schezwan Rice. So we basically ordered the regular stuff. How hard can that be? Well the food was average and mostly sub-par. When I order a Manchow soup, I expect a beautiful umami flavor of the soy sauce. Strong hit of garlic, burst of spice from the minced green chilli, a feathery texture from the egg white and nice chewy texture of the chicken breast. The Soup here had too much of ginger garlic flavor and very less of the soya sauce making the dish somewhere between a shorba and a Manchow soup. The cut of the chicken breast was too long for a soup. The chef I guess used the same cut of chicken for both the soup and the noodles/fried rice. That approach towards food is lax and for me that's disappointing. The Mix Hakka Noodles delivered as expected. The noodles was nice soft and cooked to perfection. The crunchy texture of the bell peppers, cabbage and spring onions went great with the soft texture of the noodles. The chicken was cooked nice. All in all a good dish. The biggest disappointment in my order was the chicken triple Schezwan rice. It tasted weird. The rice had a pasty texture and the flavor was somewhere between weird and spoilt, more towards the weird though. We could not even eat more than a spoonful. I would go with 2 out of 5 for Shagun. This was a less value for money place considering that the food was very cheap.
Rated Ordered from here when it 1st started. Firstly this place was a pure veg restaurant and suddenly after a month or so they started serving non veg too. Weird. The paneer tikka masala was good and so was the kulchas. Never ordered again after it changed.
Rated One of the old restaurant of Bhandup which was opened when Station Plaza started. Back then this was my first restaurant where i tried multiple variety of Dosa and uttapam.Other then South Indian they offer north indian chinese and few of the continental dishes. I would say a pocket friendly restaurant with multiple option and good food .
Rated If you want to a find a budget friendly, only vegetarian dishes serving place, then Bageecha is your answer. It serves decent food, I won't say out of the world taste or something, but you can get along. The restaurant has been around for many years now. Like for a really very long time. So one could say the over the years, it has lost its charm. It used to be a really well made food serving restaurant at a point of time. One could choose to go for the Non AC section only during the not so hot weather, else one would find, being seated in a sauna. The AC section thankfully is maintained well. The serving staff is just OK, in that perspective, as I said its simple restaurant managed by a team from south of India. In other words its a south Indian restaurant specialising in other cuisines also. Out with friends or family, can definitely give a shot for this place.
Rated One of the good place to visit with the family The service is really good ..no matter how much crowdy the hotel becomes they really go for everyone !!!!!!
Rated Nice ambience...3.0/5 But chairs are not in good condition.. One can find seat and the seat holder separated...a risky experience! Good food... 3.0/5 Ordered noodles but they were not so great...but biryani was excellent! Even paneer starter was soft and crips..good taste.! Service.. 2.5/5 Service was okay! Staff was in great hurry in everything except while taking serving orders.! No one to greet..hardly pay attention to d needs of customers! Not a bad experience overall... Food tasted good that saved our dinner!!
Rated This is a quick fix option for me when i am really hungry and need to satisfy my food cravings. Okayish pav bhaji and greasy chinese food options but great varieties of dosas and wada sambhar.. A recommended dish is Paneer 65 which goes great with naan or fried rice.. also do try out their spring rolls, idli nd paneer crispy and faloodas Their prices keep on increasing day by day.. guess the proximity to station really works to their advantage
Rated Pretty decent restaurant. There are 2 sections AC and non AC . If you want to have a quick bite and you are near bhandup station this is probably a hygienic option to go. I have been a here a couple of times. Paav bhajji, south Indian food is decent enough. Nothing fancy.
Rated I had been here 1st time. It was around 11 and I was looking for dinner place. At this time you will find very few places to eat near Bhandup station, Bageecha is one of them. Typical Mumbai restaurant. They have AC and Non AC sections. I was alone so I preferred the non AC one. It was decent and clean. I ordered one pav bhaji, which was ohk in taste. Here they serve roasted papad with pav bhaji which was quite uniqe combination. But papad wasn't so good. Then I ordered chaas which was better. Overall a typical Mumbai restaurant but if you are nearby Bhandup station west and looking for some quick veg food then this place you can try. AC section was quite pleasant. May be I will try there next time.
Rated I've been visiting this place over a decade… The quality of food has degraded over time.. There are many more better options available nearby, so it's been long, almost a year that I visited this place…Still we order food sometimes for home delivery. Ambiance- 3.5/5 (AC/NON-AC) Service- 3.5/5 Food- 3/5 Cuisine- Indian, Chinese, Fast Food. Once upon a time I used to love bageecha's pav-bhaji…Anyways you can still have a quick bite here, fast food & south indian is good. North Indian food is okay, never order naan ( u'l feel like you r chewing rubber) paneer butter masala is also good. I still like Bageecha's Hyderabadi Biryani & American Choupsey Dosa. Soups are totally unpredictable…I frequently order schezwan fried rice& mushroom manchurian gravy which also is 3/5..(sometimes the covering is too thick, dry ones are better) So overall you can still give it a chance & test your luck… All the best :)
Rated Not just a juice centre but great fast food joint for Italian, Mexican or sandwiches. Great variety and quality of food. Small place but great service and value for money!!
Rated Good food with good service. And above all an honest man serving it with his honest suggestions. Not a single thg we ordered was below avg. Every single dish was good. Esp pahadi garlic bread. Wld def visit again. Thanks Mehul bhai.
Rated Bliss juice centre is small outlet at mahavir nagar which serves different kinds of yummy and mouthwatering juices, milkshakes and mocktails. It also serves delicious and tasty sandwiches, pizzas n many more. Overall its good place for foodies.
Rated Pretty nice place. They have a greay variety of sandwiches and juices. The exotic grills are a must try. Its a normal roadside shop. But dont go by the looks, you'll surely repent.
Rated Amazing food... Garlic bread nd strawberry cream MUST try,,, never had such delicious garlic break ever... Great experience for foodies.. Definitely would like to visit again if I'm in kandivali
Rated They serve some nice juices & milkshakes : particularly liked the Purple Litchi (Kala Jmaun & Litchi ) & the Mango Sitaphal Malai Milkshake was really creamy & tasty. The Pahadi Garlic bread is also worth trying. Pizza was also tasty. Give the Pasta a miss. Its a small outlet, where you may have to be seated in a cramped fashion but when with a gang of friends out for a late night weekend binge, it doesn't matter
Rated If you are really kind of bored eating those regular street side food in Mahavir nagar, this is the place you should visit. A small place in mahavir nagar with few amazing bread items and juices. It gives you a vast variety of choices with amazing personalised service. Must try here is Pahadi Grill, Garlic Bread, summer cooler, and those cheesy rolls. Schezwan sauce here tht without addition of color. Worth a try!
Rated While people now a days are judging a hotel mostly on their decor, this is an example where your decision on decor would lead to regret. Though this place is small and does not offer good ambience but one thing that it definitely offers is it's delicious food. All different combinations of juices are available and they are definitely worth trying. The sandwiches and garlic bread are also awesome. The staff is very friendly and it can be seen that they serve with love. It is a must try for juices.
Rated With almost all the places in mahavir nagar offering the same menu with few things here and there,the quality of the food differentiates them from one another. Bliss Juice is a small road side seating eatery shop that offers you the widest varieties in terms of bread as well as juice items.With wooden tables and plastic tables,this place is neat and comfortable and less noise of the moving traffic as compared to on the 90 feet road. Though it took them more time to prepare but the sandwich justified everything.It was made in a toaster and perfectly cut into 4 square pieces with grated cheese on the top served along with spicy green chutney and garlic chutney.The aloo masala inside the sandwich was hot which clearly showed that it was given enough time to toast and not prepared quickly by spreading butter on the top.With finely chopped onions and capsicums in it,the sandwich tasted delicious.The garlic chutney was extra bonus which had a little tangy and garlicky taste in it. The Watermelon Juice was asked to serve without ice and sugar.The good thing about the juice was it was served in a long juice glass.The quantity was excellent for Rs.50.Without sugar in it ,it was pure in taste and had round watermelon balls in it. Will come and try pizzas and other juice combo.I hope this place lasts long into the future and proves to be a blissful location for the localities. Recommended :)
Rated Too good drinks n food must try corn pahadi sandwich, strawberry milkshake and do not forget to have hot sizzling brownie everything is easy on pocket and definitely worth
Rated Even if I am about to burst..if someone offers me to have some dessert specially malai kulfi or rabdi or jalebi rabdi and even better malai rabdi shake.. I can have 2 servings .. But I won't say the same in other desserts.. The sweet and savoury taste malai kulfi is one of my weakness .. I really think that they can make this place better in the sense of presentation.. Or else for taste - 4.2/5
Rated Have tried their plain rabdi and dint like it as Much as I love the rabdi at other places. The concept of rabdi shake sounds exciting so am waiting to give that a shot!
Rated Rabdi wala - very good place to hangout. A friend of mine suggested me and i really didn't regret visiting this place.. I and my wife had mango & laccha rabdi which was great. Would like to visit there again with my whole family.
Rated Complete desi stuff beating all Rajasthani restaurants ......dal baati churma, bajra no rotlo and at the end hot jalebi with rabdi. Small but excellent place and reasonably priced
Rated One of the finest places for vegetarians especially thalis.....man being a meat lover tried this place and it was just filling and tempting for any veg cravings you get....so a must try atleast one time!!
Rated 12th Feb, 2016 Summary: One of those tiny regional eateries that you find after years by chance or word of mouth, specialising in different flavours of Rabdi, some Rajasthani & Kathiawadi dishes. Please Please don't you come here from far town (like me) to eat pav bhaji or chaat. The regional menu is a gem so stick to it. Pricing is high given the one man portion size. Our team regional cuisine night hosted by our latest two joiners. We drive from Goregaon & reach Rabdiwala in Borivali by quarter past seven. The eatery has frugal cane bench seating placed on the footpath, bamboo tables, seats with some colourful Rajasthani cushions & mirrorwork wallpaper on the walls behind us. A open live station is next to us with a huge vessel of hot ghee soaked batti & another huge frying pan with sugar syrup golden tiny jalebis. A stack of the traditional sweet GHEVAR stares back at me. Our first group who reached earlier are having masala papad, Angoori Rabdi with jalebi (8.5/10) , kachori chat. Me and my table group order the famous Dal Batti Churma, the supervisor recommends it to be crushed when served to us. Two plates of crushed Batti, sweet powdery Churma, green chilly (9/10), sweet chutney & a mint spicy chutney, diced onion & a glass of thick creamy chaats (10/10). A perfect meal for one. Ghee soaked batti is dunked with the dal (9/10) , some onion & I mix the Churma too. Crunchy , sweet, spicy , oily ..a 10/10 for me. We then order the thali with bajra rotla (9/10), baingan Bartha (9/10) & gatte ki subzi (9/10). All perfect to eat between me & my two lady colleagues. The buttermilk is so thick and creamy with just the right masala. The gulkand Rabdi is the best (10/10), with flower petals sprinkled on top. The hot spongy G'jams are soaked in syrup, too sweet but nice (9/10). The Sitaphal Rabdi (8/10) is not too creamy, but perfect for those who like less sugar. We are given a complimentary plate of hot crisp jalebis (9.5/10). I finish most of it thanking the supervisor for his hospitality. The guys order another Dahi chaat and plain Rabdi. We are satiated by an hour, as we leave The older table staff tells me the place is getting renovated & hence the outside seating is messy. Bhaiyo..it's ok. The food speaks for itself here & I hope to come next time singing the PK song "TharKi Chokro Aayo re Banke Mharo Mehmaan" !!!!
Rated Rabdiwala does a marvellous job at making your taste buds explode with joy at every bite! They beat the long known famous chains like Rajdhani hands down! Located near Mc Donalds, Borivali, Rabdiwala is a small joint...... Their seating arrangement is that of traditional Rajasthani feel with canewood tables and kathiawadi seats..... ... Read full post on thefoodiebattle.wordpress.com
Rated I am sceptic when it comes to the authenticity of the food I eat. Have heard raving reviews of this place and let me assure you; this place lives up to its reputation. A perfect road side joint serving amazing Rajasthani cousine. First in was Dalbaati Churma – contrary to my skepticism, the Baati was SOFT; let me repeat Baati was SOFT. It’s quite rare to bite into Baati which is this soft. The first mouthful reveals the secret to the softness – hours of soaking the Baati in Ghee. The entire plate is served with condiments – Sweet MooghDal halwah, pudina chutney and sweet-hot red chutney. Every mouthful with a pinch of these condiments individually reveals a different taste. Then came is the Thepla with Aalu shubzi – Thepla made fresh and served hot, driping of oil, loaded with sesame seeds. Aalu diced, cooked to perfection with spices and masala. It was a pleasure to devour this combination. The best part – you can taste the masala, ghee without the heat of chilly - Absolute perfection. Then it was time to satisfy the sweet tooth. Hot gulabjamoon with cold rabdi – as the first spoonful of rabdi rolls over the tongue, one can feel the thickened milk and the layers of milk cream. The process of thickening the milk then sweetening it done with love and care. The milk cream is absolute perfection smooth like silk with no lumps. As the rabdi rolls down the throught there is the left over taste of sweetness with a ting of rose water flavor then will force you to take the next spoonful of rabdi. The gulabjamoon was beautifully prepared, soft, properly soaked in warm sugar syrup and no lumps at the center.
Rated Thandai this is what we ordered for my office holi celebration and was bit hesitate to order from this place as it was totally new for me to order for 100 pax . But rabdiwala did a brilliant job in making thandai . Thandai was full of pista badam n lot more . Quality of milk used was up to the mark Thank you rabdiwala n team for making our holi event more colourful
Rated Nice place. Tried it with a few friends. We had pani puri to start with. Which was decent, however the water needed to be chilled for better taste. Once we were seated, we ordered couple of the thalis,all the vegetables were good. Special mention for the gatte ka sabji and papad ka sabji! The dal khichdi was excellent too!! The deserts were literally the icing on the cake! Moong dal halwa as outstanding! Overall a very good experience. Will surely go back to try more stuff!!
Rated The Real One hits all the right notes. This little cubby hole of a home kitchen makes the best burgers in the city of Mumbai/Bombay. For a start, buffalo (beef) and pork and a blend of both are on their menu. You cannot take a burger place seriously unless it makes pork and beef patties. The surfeit of chicken burgers in the city have diluted the sensibility of what a great Hamburger should be. The burgers at the Real One are not pre-processed. They're freshly minced and hand-made. You can choose your toppings - the egg and cheese are great choices, but I prefer the virgin option - burger on a bun sans anything. If you're on a ketogenic diet, just wolf down the patties. It is astonishing to find such quality in a quiet part of the city, but in a culture where people are more interested in the ostentatious than the simple, I can see why The Real One would be overlooked.
Rated I had been to this place a few days back. After hearing my frnds talk about this place for quite sometym, finally got to visit this place. The order is taken in a different style. U plave your order and then choose whether u wanna sit in the backyard of the house and eat or take away. I chose to eat in the backyard. A small place with an average set up. I would love to have my food there. Anyways going with the food talk. We ordered for 3 burgers: Pigs can fly. This burger is really good. The Patty is what I like. The buns are average size. The burger was well made not too many sauces put in. Just the juicy patty to taste. Pulled pork braised. This burger wont be liked by all but all in all good to my taste. The classic dream burger. This burger had a combination of a pork and beef patty which was new to me. The patty was nice and not dry. It tasted really well. All the burgers wer above average. They didn't fill me in one. There were no sides to any. But the best thing is, it takes them not more than 10-15 mins to prepare the burger. They have an option of caramelized onion add on. I think they should just add that to the burger directly would be better and juicier. But I think this place has one of the best burger patties I have eaten. Food 4.5 Service 3.5 Ambience 3.5 With Alfred Johnson and Liston Mascarenhas
Rated It's not a proper restaurant I would say. You can sit and have your meal in the backyard where there are a couple of tables. It is managed by just one guy with little help so that's the reason why it's open for such limited amount of time. It's wonderful service to us. The ambience:- Depends on who you ask ? :-P Read the introduction . The Food :- Well I'm short of words I genuinely was so so pleased and delighted to have those juicy and succulent burgers they have. One of the best ones I have ever had ! Beer braised pulled pork burger with bacon add-on it is proper indulgence if you're a health freak let it go for one evening and have this without any guilt. Chicken chilly burger does justice to the name it's quite spicy. All in all both the things were quite good I loved it can't wait to go again. These two burgers are more than enough you fill your tummy. I hope they would also have some sides. I would like to have a some fries , chips etc . Vegetarian people as far as I know there isn't anything for you except for the aerated drinks . Non-vegetarian people if you haven't tried this place I would recommend you try this place out it's worth it . Note :- I couldn't find any board signifying the place so find the red door or just ask the friendly locals. Cheers. Thank you for reading. PS :- Will update the review when I try the others burgers
Rated I had told you'll the one point is missing just because the delivery is not at all available for the near by resident.....rest these burgers just make you fall in love and if the delivery starts your phone won't stop ringing 😘😘
Rated This is a joint established in a residential bungalow in Borivali west known for its great burgers. I tried it one evening and felt satisfied with just some minor let downs. It is a place inside a house operated by very friendly people. There is very basic seating is in the backyard where you can enjoy your food in a very homely and peaceful environment. I ordered a pulled pork burger and a pulled beef, which was technically a buff burger. It arrived without much delay but presentation is an issue here with no sides. Some wafers or fries could have done something really substantial to its overall visual as well as completion value in itself. The meats were really good with great texture but the flavors were a bit towards average. Over that the bun was a major spoiler doing injustice to the great work done inbetween. A little improvement in quality of bun and presentation value can make this place one of the best burger serving places in mumbai. Still the prices are on lower side so nothing much can be expected but it is indeed doable. My Rating: 1. Food: 3.75/5 2. Service: 4/5 3. Ambiance: 3.5/5 4. Value of Money: 4/5 neverknowsbest.in
Rated As the name says, this is the real one place to visit, hell of choice to choose from. The burgers are absolutely a treat and way better than Mc Donalds and burger king. Grilled chicken/pork, dream beef and beer braised pulled pork are a must try. Definitely a place worth visiting any time.
Rated The burgers are quite cost effective!! No1 can match their price band! Tried Spicy Chicken & Pulled Pork out of which I found Pork one better .. but the major drawback was the bun..😫which not fresh .. they definitely need to work on that. Also no siders😑 .. In no case can one have a burger without fries/chips/drinks(at least soft drinks😝) Lastly der are lot of mosquitoes in the evening
Rated Situated in a bunglow in the heart of the colony, The Real One sells some mouth watering burgers. Currently, there are a few other joints too among the ones who sell "actual burgers", unlike the one's at MCD or BK; The Real One being one of them. I tried the pulled beef and also the pork burger. Both were equally good in their own style. Although, my taste is for the beef burger. The meat was rightly cooked with just the right amount of greens in it. It is sure worth the price on the burger. The service is fast and their communication is clear to their customers. Although other than serving you your burger you would not receive any more assistance as there is never a steward at sight. When it comes to the ambience; sitting in someone's backyard and having some good burgers may feel a bit awkward. It would be better if the seating area is created with a more comfortable atmosphere. But! If burgers is all that matters, you should be heading here.
Rated Been here a number of times and tried quite a few burgers here! So its out of experience I can say that his burgers are out there at the front and are among the better burgers I have eaten! The grilled chicken, herbed chicken, spicy chicken , spicy pork, grilled pork are all just great! The spicy pork appealed to me in particular as it had a few goan n manglorean flavours coming through it! The meat in the patty, or in the case of some burgers, the meat itself, was very tender n cooked to perfection which just kept pulling me back here! In my opinion, it would have been a 4.5 rating easily, but if you deny burgers to a foodie for half the week, well you lose half a point in the rating!
Rated These little burger joints scattered all across the city are really becoming my weak points. Another one of those meatilicious burger joints. The place is open only 3 days of the week, so when you plan to visit the place, make sure its a working day. The venture is home based, so quality is as good as it can get. But to my surprise the burgers are priced at dirt cheap rates. I haven't seen burgers of this quality being served at such a price. It is advisable to take a parcel home but if you fancy enjoying your meat as if you are having a backyard party then you have that option as well. We tried spicy chicken burger, beef and pork and my all time favourite pulled pork. Spicy chicken burger stays true to it's name and is firey. Beef and pork mixed burger was probably a little on dry side for my liking. And as I said, my all time favourite, pulled pork didn't disappoint me as always. It was by far the best of the lot. The service is really nice and quick. Also the menu provides a horizon of options to choose from, so be ready to be spoilt for choices!
Rated Pizzas are very yummy.. Its good.. Well budgeted.. Short sweet resto /house... Friendly atmosphere.. Quality and quantity is nice... Its really good place to eat netym..
Rated The big 24 inch pizza was awesome .I came along with my friends, after a friend recommend ed it..loved it! Also the garlic bread was good . the place is very small . Telling them beforehand is a must to avoid waiting. Good alternative to Dominoes and pizza hut!
Rated Cheesy Garlic Bread was Yummy, Good Quality of Cheese they use, and Verity of slices Pizza, Also Good for single person for mini Pet Pooja, any time when you feel little Hungry,.....
Rated This place is very easy to locate, exactly opposite Bhagwati hotel. They have very limited sitting space, something that they could work on. Coming to the food here. I am a huge fan of the garlic breads. I mean it is like those typical food videos that are viral on social media these days! Very cheesy, cheese is filled inside and on top of it too. The shape is not like the typical garlic bread. Pizzas are good too. The cheese doesn't get chewy even after eating it cold. The best part, their oregano is not the only dry flakes. It is like the dominos, salt and other spices.
Rated A quite nice place to have some changes taste to try other than Domino's ans pizza hut. The same prise here and there but gives good relief to our taste burds
Rated We decided to have a pizza but wanted a break from the normal Dominos. Ta -da. Look up zomato and we come across this place! We ordered a cheese pizza with extra sauce and cheese. Such a huge pizzzaaaaaaa! Like they can give competition to any pizzerias! They manage it to deliver the huge pizza perfectly in one piece. It's cheaper than the "Famous" pizza joints. And it's 24 inch pizza is perfect when you have friends coming over for night outs and movies. The sauce is amazing. Like definitely my favourite! Must try!
Rated Small outlet in charkop which offers yummy food! They serve delicious garlic bread and pizza slices with variety of options! Free wifi and good service are some the plus points of this restaurant!
Rated Greetings! All foodies please take note of this Pizza heaven. Pizzaria Houses' kickass pizzas knock out any competition. Fresh, handmade and generous-on-toppings pizzas are miles ahead of the industrious Dominos and Pizza Hut. My first 5.0 rating and it completely deserves so. Location: Pizzaria House is near the busy crossroad of Charkop Market in Kandivali. This makes it easily spottable. For those not familiar with the area, its bang opposite the well known Bhagwati Restaurant. Ambiance: Decent. The place is small. 5 tables for 2 to be exact. The counter is besides the sitting and one can even peek into the kitchen. The walls are decorated with pictures of tempting pizzas and sandwiches. Lighting is fine, furniture is decent and hygiene is maintained. If you are a group of 4 or more, reservation is recommended. Food: One word "Divine". All pizzas are delicious. Their Cheese Burst is literally flooded with liquid cheese. The 12 inch triangle slice is a unique style for selling pizzas. Other sizes available are 14, 16 and 24 inches, all complete circles (24 inch one is a monster, serving atleast 8 hungry souls). The pizza base is freshly rolled and all ingredients used are premium quality. Toppings are generous, even cheese. I've also tried their cheese garlic bread which is little unorthodox, but tastes yum. Other items yet to be consumed :p Service: Very good. The staff is very freindly. They give you enough time to decide your order and help you by explaining their dishes. Becsuse of their unorthodox pizza sizes, this help is really useful. I've been here on Christmas night and had to wait only about 20-25 minutes for my order. Satisfied. Cost: Very well priced for the quality and quantity. Offers and discounts make it that much more economical. The 12" triangles and Cheese Bursts are paisa-vasool. Delivery: Slightly slow on weekend primetimes due to staff limitations. However food is delivered piping hot even if its a little late. Recommendations: Obviously, you gotta try the Cheese Burst. Among others, Paneer Throttle is my favourite. Cheese Garlic Bread, Stom Roll and Chocolate Sandwich are worth trying dishes. Overall, a huge MUST TRY for all pizza lovers. There is a very good chance that it might turn out to be the best pizza you ever had. If you find this review useful, hit like. And check out the tempting pizza pics which I've shared earlier. To the Management: Please try to bring more varieties for the Cheese Burst. Cheese Burst 12" Triangle Pizzas would be perfect additions to your menu. Very happy with your food and service.
Rated Here is a Pizzeria that is serving completely unorthodox pizzas.... Their menu includes a 12-inch long pizza slice (which is pretty wide in size as well), a 14-inch pizza, a 16-inch pizza and a 24-inch pizza.... So basically if you wanna have a pizza party but your friends are big gluttons, this is a place you can get the perfect size for your gluttony friends. As for flavours and tastes, the pizzas are really good and even a 12-inch slice is pretty much stomach filling. I also tried an Aloo Tikki Burger which was good too.... So over all, a nice pizza place for people with big appetite.....
Rated Serves awsm pizza n burgers... Small place, service wasn't quick but the best part was food... Tried Vaishnav pizza n cheese burger... Burger was mind blowing :)
Rated If you want to display your culinary skills and you know nothing, Egg comes to your rescue. If you are damn hungry and you want something quickly, Egg comes to your rescue. If there is an argument between a herbivore and carnivore, Egg comes to your rescue. That is enough to suggest I am an Eggetarian. And if you are one too, Rajubhai Bhurjiwala is the place to be. Ande ka Funda → 3.5/5 Visited this place long time back and tried a hell lot of stuffs. All my memories of this place were rejuvenated when i visited it once again. And the taste still remains the same → Egg-licious. ♥ Bhurji Pav -One of my favourite dish of all time. And this place doesnt disappoint. Served hot with some butter pav and chopped onions, its everything you want it to be. ♥ Gotala Pav - Out of curiosity, we tried Gotala. Though it was spicy (beware of the chillies), the creamy taste was a treat. Good option. A soft drink goes well with these delicacies. Ambience → NA Its a regular eatery and we should be thankful that they have provided some seating area. But to our dismay, its always full. Service → 3/5 Its fast. Just what you want. If you feel hungry after 7 pm, this place will surely make you happy (cost wise too). Enjoy !
Rated Small place large price. Good to hat he has variety. Happy he is near to my place. Happy to visit him again with one of my favorite person Chinika Prabhu
Rated If you are hardcore Eggetarian then you must must visit Rajubhai burji wala in Boriwali west !! I just wish it this place could be near by my vicinity but for me it was special visit to explore this lovely place for streetfood taste. Egg dishes like omlet & boil egg to max burji is too common but here menu card is loaded dishes really with creativity! Although I haven't tried all of them but surely in my comming visits I'm sure I won't dare to skip any single one from it. Place is very small still he has manage to set up but dining area - a table with few sitting tables. There was one guy who was making other one who was looking after service. Good rapo between them! They have two options whether you want in oil or butter. I'm very layman & prefer always oil made omelet :P but if you will observe butter dishes are truly overpriced ! That's other point that it's still pocket friendly price 😘 egg boil were in Indian style! Which I call over done since I like little liquid but runny 😬
Rated One of the oldest bhurji guys. He used to sit just right outside on a bakda as we call it before shifting to some other place and back again here with his shop. Welcome yourself to the delight of spicy and mouth watering egg varieties. Makes it real good and spicy.. His gotala is to die for! 😋 Grab a quick bite and fill your stomach with very little to shed from your pockets.
Rated The place is heaven for egg lovers Had been there on 14th Nov 2015 Had ordered 1.Egg omelette dosa : 9. 5 on 10 Served with pav, onion n spicy chatni 2. Australian Fry :8 on 10 3. Green ghotala: 9 on 10 The place is a small place... But has a offering to please every egg lover
Rated Did the chicken come first or the egg? While we (the human race) still do not have a conclusive answer to this question, we do have immense love and need to consume both and we have one of the finest joints for egg dishes in this part of the city. Operated out of a shop on Shimpoli Road, Rajubhai has a few stools and a table outside the shop and that is all the ambiance you will get here, so don't be uptight and crib about it if you do happen to go there. While takeaway would be the best option to follow, people do flock out there on weekends in their cars et al and have a sort of dine-in on weekends. The place opens up only after 7 in the evening unfortunately, so the eggs cannot be enjoyed in the daylight. Owing to my craving for eggs during the Navratri season (as does happens every year), we made our way to this place. Sitting on small plastic stools, we were presented the menu by the help staff. On it was a long list of names of dishes inspired by the Indian versions of three classic egg dishes - Omlette, Half Fry and Scrambled Eggs. Dishes ranging from Bhurji to Gotala and peculiar dishes like Anda Paplet, Omlette Dosa and Boil Anda Sabzi. We ordered the Egg Bhurji, Boil Anda Kheema, Green Gotala and Omlette Dosa. Each of the dishes were heavy on fat, spices and overall level of tastiness. The Bhurji was different and better than those available on roadside stalls or even at the South Mumbai Irani Cafes. The Boil Anda Kheema was a revelation and stands out to be one of the best used dish of boiled eggs. The basic gist of preparation is making a bhurji out of boiled eggs, but turns out to be much tastier than it sounds. The base ingredients of the Green Gotala were not very clear to me, but from what I tasted, it seemed like spinach and coriander were fused with a normal Gotala and the result was delicious. Taking pole position alongside the Boiled Kheema was the lip smacking Omlette Dosa. Not only did it look and smell inviting, it had us salivating by the time we tore into it. The concept of the dish is to stuff an omlette with some vegetables and an overload of his masala mixture. For all the omlette lovers out there, this one is not to be missed. A slight warning for those who are not too fond of the overuse of spices and masalas, the dishes here tend to be overwhelming in terms of masalas and might prove slightly hot for your internal systems. Apart from that, a simple and top-notch place for Egg variants in Borivali. Revisits are a certainty. REPORT CARD: Quality Of Food: 4/5 Taste: 5/5 Ambiance: NA Quality Of Service: 3/5 Value For Money: 4/5 Overall: 4.5/5.
Rated Yes it is a restaurant in a very small shop. But rajubhai manages to have a big time awesome business here. This place is a speciality for delicacies made up of eggs.. Superb taste People here wait and have patience here chill a bit and have their food when their turn comes but you can still order #boiled egg kanada daalke. This place is surely a big time hit And if you believe in the quote "Sunday ho ya monday, roz khaao ande, Then this place should be saved on your GPS for sure.
Rated Egg paradise.. Bhurjee, omelets, egg dosa, everything is good... No problem with Hygiene... Order processing is fast too... Just the a thing needed here is proper ventilation...
Rated Beginning I decided to visit this outlet cause it had a really high rating plus the prices of their product seemed cheaper than normally expected of a good outlet. It's another one of those shops that are located in deep end of IC Colony, it located on holy cross road which is around 3 km away from the tail end of borivali station. It's located on the opposite side of the Holy Cross Road Food Court. --------------------- Appearance It's a decent sized outlet with all their products on display at the front. The shop has a okay look nothing really stands out except for the two large ovens used to heat up any products that meant to be served immediately. --------------------- Service & Preparation Speed This place is managed by a older gentleman who mostly handles the transaction of the money & other two men who mostly take the order & handle the packaging of products. Overall the service was okay nothing to special to speak of. Sadly their packaging is bad & if multiple products are present in one box, even with a slight tumble can make them crash into each other. --------------------- Food Food for the most part of really good in some parts & a bit disappointing in others. One of the benefits of buying products from here is it's really cheap & the quality is above of what is expected of a shop selling cheap products. I had ordered the Chicken Samosa, Roast Lamb Sandwich, Chicken Lollipop, Chocolate Doughnut, Chocolate & Lemon Tart, Bread Pudding & Choco Lava cake. There was no one product that was really outstanding. The Chicken Samosa was just really good & I wanted to savor it's taste but sadly it was just bite size & finished easily which was really sad. The Chocolate Doughnut & the Lava Cake were the better ones of their products nothing worth to nitpick about, good texture & taste. The Chocolate & Lemon Tart had a good taste but the base tart up to some extent crumbled. The Roast Lamb Sandwich was decent, it was just the basic mayonnaise with small pieces of lamb & the bread with its crust cut off. Their Chicken Lollipop had a decent taste & before tasting it I was surprised by the size & also had a doubt that it had access refined flour as a coating. Bread Pudding had a decent texture but the taste was disappointing, the elaichi taste was overwhelming & also combined with it was a tooti frooti like taste --------------------- Ending FINAL OUTPUT - Cafe Ceclida is a good outlet were you can visit with a low amount of cash, but still buy just a small immediate snack or a takeaway that can also be used as accompaniment with either lunch or dinner. The products did yield a bag of mix results some good some bad, though not so bad that it would be a complete disappointment.
Rated The food here is just out of the world.....if want a snack just try anything and it will win your heart and tummy....thumbs up to this place.....just incredible :)
Rated A popular place in IC colony! best in finger food that u would relish all day long,they offer a variety of puffs, biryani and lollipops. for the vegetarians they have some good sandwich that you would love to try. Highly recommended !
Rated One of my friend suggested me to visit this cafe for its croissants.. Cheese croissant !!😘 The best thing at this place (for vegetarians) There are very few items for vegetarians. It has most of all non-veg items.
Rated Amazing ! Tasty ! Fits your pocket food. We had a lollipop which had very very different flavour unlike the normal ones. Innovative thought of a chicken samosa. Kudos for that. Everything out there is worth a try !! Go grab a bite. Would prefer pick up the food warm it nicely at home and enjoy!
Rated I visited this cafe with a friend on his recommendation & it was a real treat. It has a lot of varieties of food items including chicken samosa which I had never heard of or tasted in my life. I had a few items there & they were really nice. It's a fantastic place for the meat lovers to have a quick bite. I would recommended this place highly.
Rated Situated in d heart of IC this place is a meat heaven. Though d bakery items sell off really fast and you may have limited options to choose from, whatever you get a hand off is guaranteed to be yummy. The only negative of dis bakery cum cafe is its seating. Very limited! Service wise its pretty homely and a must try out absolutely.
Rated I had heard great things about this place from my friends and decided to check it out for myself. I visited at around 7:15 pm and most of the food was already over. I tried the pepper chicken croissant and the bread pudding and loved it. Delicious, quick bites and warm interiors. Would visit again, hopefully during the day! Philmon James
Rated My all day go to place nearby for my all day food cravings. Service is quite polite and loads of variety to choose from. There can't really be a favorite because most of the stuff was pretty amazing. And also quite pocket friendly. Their Schezwan sauce is the thing that sets it apart from any other bakery around the area. A must visit place for all your cravings!
Rated Nice place to enjoy the perfect breakfast.....the sandwich and croissant are awesome.....a piece of advice most of the time the crates are empty...so if one wants to enjoy reach early...or else u wont get one
Rated One of the most popular cakes shops/bakery finally in Borivali. I was so happy that there is a Merwans in Borivali also now. Whenever you go here its always crowded. the place feels more like a market just like the Andheri branch. This place is more focused on the veg food rather than the non veg food. The variety of non veg is comparatively less. So i still like the Andheri Merwans better. Haven't tried any of the veg stuff here but the non veg is really good but still tastes a bit different for the other branch. I dont have to say much about its mava cakes so i won't even bother speaking about them. The pricing of the food is as usually very cheap, that and the quality of food is what makes it so famous. Ambience: 2.5 Food: 3.5 Service: 3.5 Pricing: 3.0
Rated Have tried butterscotch cake n chocolate cake. It's a veg cake brand cheaper than the other HiFi brands but provides good quality n delicious cakes. Have been to the Andheri branch as well. Dats a better shop with good space, more number of products, puffs, pastries etc. Its so crowded n the stock gets over on weekends n occasions.
Rated Their products are awesome! The cakes, pastries and patties are good. I personally love the Garlic Chicken Pattice. This Borivali outlet has some tables for dine in. Hence, I decided to grab a quick bite after collecting my parcel. I ordered for a Pattice. They did not give me a plate. I requested for a plate. THEY TELL ME THEY DON'T HAVE PAPER PLATES. I POINT OUT THE PLATES LYING AT THE BACK OF THE COUNTER TO HAND ME ONE. THEY REPLY I CANNOT. I insisted on having a paper plate after much arguing with even the manager does he hand me one plate like HE HAS DONE A FAVOUR TO ME. Not giving the essentials as service and having an area to dine in makes absolutely no sense. Maybe, you'll can improve your service to keep up the brand name.
Rated A little bakery sees a lot of rush as people returning home head here for a quick bite. It's suggested to go before evening as by evening their stocks are all sold out, specially the savory items like the rolls, patties. Very good and cheap option for a quick bite.
Rated Merwans used to be the 'Go To' cake shop in college days when it was someone's birthday in the group. I was very happy when it opened it's outlet in Borivali West. It is located at one of the busy places in Borivali and quite close to the station. The shop is quite spacious and smells of cake as you enter. Well if you are in two minds of picking up a cake or pastries from here, please be rest assured of the taste. They are nice tasting, fresh and creamy. Two of them I would really recommend are Butterscotch and Chocolate Truffle. It is also very famous for its Mawa Cup Cake. Do give it a try if you have not had one.
Rated Merwans is especially known for its cake. Here food items are divided into 2 section both veg and non veg. Had Paneer patties which was good. Tried exquisite chocolate truffle which also was very good. And the mawa cake was too good.. At times lot of their stuffs get over early due to demand. This just tells how good it is. Overall a good experience.
Rated It's Merwans... Ideally there is no need for a review here but let me write what others have already informed you. Best Pocket friendly Cakes Best Pocket friendly Pastries Awesome Chicken Puffs (Chicken Garlic & Thai) There is always crowd which tells you how good the place is. Perfect place to sit and enjoy some puffs or pastries.
Rated One of the most frequented place by me and my friends. We gather here for chit chat, play some games like UNO, or marbles etc. Its fun. Ordered Gulkand Iced tea as my first order which was very okayish. The taste of gulkand was too much and felt more like a sharbat than iced tea. Second time, I ordered regular cold coffee. Coffee was good but quantity too less. The frothing itself took 1/4 portion of the glass leaving just 3-4 sips to gulp down!
Rated V just passed by dis cafe, not a coffee lover , ordered masala cutting tea, nachos n spinach cheese sandwiches n bun maska to end wid, very cozy cute little cafe.... In dis cafe u can take long tea conversations n also play games like cards, bourvita scrabble etc.
Rated Had passed this place zillion times & always wanted to give it a shot but dint get around doing so. During my month long break from work on a lazy evening I got my ass out of home and went to Tea Pea wid another avid foodie. With current trend of Tea Houses this place stands out as it had started much before the trend started. They have veryyyyyyy nice ambiance. A relaxing seating inside as well as outside. Bean bags are sprawlled outside. tiny lil things here & there to add jazz. Music is nice. They also have a mini library that has good books stacked up for all generes. Menu is quite interesting. Must Tries - Various types of teas. I have tried couple of them and they were pretty good. Coolers are good too.
Rated One of the best places to go to actually do tp with your friends. Junglee Garlic Bread was what I had. It was much much good then what I had expected. The food was really awesome. And Cranberry Ice Tea is a must! Till today I always had Peach Ice Tea, but this, this totally changed my mind & my choices. Seating Arrangements is good. Service is good. And the best part is we can play games over there, like UNO & other card games. For more info, visit there!! 😉
Rated Nice place to hangout with friends.U can play games like uno,scramble,X n 0,snakes and ladders while having sandwich or coffee.Food is not so good in taste.Average quality and quantity of food.
Rated It's a pretty decent cafe and is a cool place to hangout with friends. You can grab a book and sit for hours having tea with biscuits, coffee, or the varied range of hot and cold drinks they offer along with something to munch. I sat for hours chatting with an old friend over chai. It's a nice change to all the clichéd versions of cafes around the city. The framed tea quotes makes the place more appealing to tea lovers.
Rated It's a small hangout place which serves quite tasty snacks and lip smacking drinks ! Its USP is the freely available games - UNO , jenga , Scrabble etc and popular books. Easily spent a lazy afternoon with my friends. But it's not a posh place. And the AC section is very small. The manager was *extremely * rude to me when I asked him if he could accommodate us inside ( since there was no one else ) and told us to sit outside since he didn't want the "loyal " customers to sit outside in the heat. That totally bummed me out . The card machine didn't work. The roof leaked . So the ambience does not match with the prices on the menu. Rating it 3 for the food and the games.
Rated Ginger tea.. Some snacks or cookiesss Cool friends.. Ludo..uno ahhh bliss ! To add on -WiFi (offered by them) I can spend whole day playing uno :p
Rated After a long time i had started visiting places, and a frnd of mine suggested this place.... Tea pea, nice little place situated in borivali west near by hotel granville. This place is a nice combination of street style chai seller and a little western touch, Has 2 seating areas, indoors nd outdoors, outdoors is a smoking zone which i am not fond of, anyways, the tables and chairs at this place will give u a typical old house feeling and they have also taken the effort to keep board and card games for visitors to keep themselves entertained which i liked... Everything that they make is made my hand, nd not with help of any machine, so even if u get ur order late its worth it... I didnt have much food here, just pasta and cheese garlic bread Whch was delicious... The decor of the indoors is very soothing, a book shelf whch will definitely attracr readers, customised tea cups for sale... Would definitely recommend this place to hangout wid frnds and have a good time.... Thank you tea pea
Rated #Nearest Place to Donut-Up With my Best Donut Buddy #Early-Morning-Donut-Cravings #Infinite Visits #Co-operative & Polite Staff #Quite Small Place #The Lemon Iced-Tea ( No No) #The Double Trouble😍😍 #The Dark Knight 😍 #The Chocolate Bomb😍😍 #Time To Get back to Work
Rated I just love the donuts that you get here! Price is pretty decent too and it's located at the centre of mahavir Nagar, so over all a good place for a donut treat! ❤
Rated Have had all the donuts from the menu. This place is a nice cute little place. Double Trouble always remains my favourite from the list. :))
Rated Like every other mod this place also has to offer the best that you can get in donuts... Really like the donuts here..... Did nt try the double trouble here at this outlet... Which is one of my favorites.... However like the sugar quoted blue bery donut
Rated I mean how can I start with this review this place is awesome.. the donuts are like yummy... before I used to hate donuts but after eating the hazel dazel donut u get it out here I have always loved donuts now! They are good with their work and love this place..😀
Rated Lovely place... A much needed donut spot in Kandivli west. The donuts are always fresh and perfect. Double trouble is my all time favourite with the gooey chocolate filling. Original sin and the savoury donuts are also tasty. Summers are the best time when they have their seasonal mango specials. A good place to hang out..
Rated One place where you can never go wrong for donuts. They had new gulab jamun variety on occasion of diwali. Donuts always taste fresh and have good variety.
Rated It's a small outlet but quite neat. The staff is kind and swift. The donuts were freshly made. And they had stocked out almost all their flavours.
Rated I visited this place and did a take away thingy.. First and foremost, this was the first restaurant which charged me for plastic containers, so that I could take away the food. This is so pathetic, do they expect customers to bring their own containers, If so, it definitely deserves a mention in the menu "BRING YOUR OWN CONTAINERS". I'm sure people wouldn't mind. I would sincerely suggest em to revise their prices so as,that they can afford not to charge for containers. So coming to food, what I ordered Thai pad noodles And the original Veg Manchurian gravy Thai pad noodle were really decent, perfectly cooked, perfect taste and it was all there.. I loved it totally. The vegetables in the noodles were soft too. Now comes the disaster part, the Manchurian, I knw Manchurian has garlic, but the Manchurian at this place was like loaded with like seriously tooo much Garlic, and I'm not exaggerating.. Every spoon tasted more garlicky, it had become more of a garlic gravy than a Manchurian one. Yuck it was. Surely not at all worth the amount I paid for it. I has some amazing expectations, but all in vain.. I wanted to try their dimsums and their Italian menu, but now I do have second thoughts.
Rated The food is nice, service is excellent, place is good! Ambiance is decent,but the best of all is it is value for money! Also,it's in between the town,and a great place for vegetarians to visit! Ambiance: 3/5 Food:3/5 Service:4/5 Value for money: 3.5/5
Rated This place is located in the ever crowded and busy street of Mahavir Nagar. We happened to come across this place while looking for some new options and we were surely not disappointed at all. The place looks tiny but trust me this factor can easily be ignored. The owner showed a very welcoming gesture everytime I visited, the servers are very courteous and the food here is not at all tight on pocket. They serve chinese and thai cuisine which is modified as per the Indian taste. We had ordered Nachos with Jalepeno Cheese dip (perfect taste, huge portion, delicious), Chilly potatoes(not too great but above average), Vegetable dimsums (again not very great but above average, served sooper hot and good portion size) Manchurian ball sizzler (I loved it thoroughly, had the perfect balance os spices, tasted sooper delicious and perfect portion size) and Fried ice cream (tasted pretty good). I have been to this place thrice by now and I am sure to visit them again to try out their other stuffs mentioned in their long menu. Strongly recommended.
Rated This place is located just opposite dmart. So one day after shopping decided to give it a try. I had opted for the awesome threesome dimsums 😜 and for the dessert had opted for honey tossed noodles with vanila icecream. The service was quick and the food was great. The dimsums were served with schezwan chutney and sweet chili sauce if i recollect properly. I would say this was the best dimsums you could have in kandivali and would recommend it to give it a try. About the honey tossed noodles with vanila icecream also know as daarsan the only issue i had was it was a bit too sweet for my taste. Overall had a good experience. 👍
Rated This is a new place in Mahavir Nagar, Kandivali (East) located in an area famous for food. So we ordered, • Phad Thai Noodles The noodles were amazing and worth the money we paid with enough quantity. We ordered just one dish because we wanted to check out this place for future plans. The service was good and quick. Food: Very-good Ambience: Moderately good Service: Very-good
Rated Since this place is new and they still have some work pending, I chose to go with one dish only. The place is small but has a better decor than the others on the same side of the street. The menu is partly khow chow and partly suited for the Gujju based locality here. Pad Thai noodles were a value for money. Every element in it was perfect. Hope to see this tiny place make wonders.Ritika Rajput
Rated It's a small Eatery right at a busy Street without any ambience. But don't let that criteria let u skip this place.. Food is just awesome and very different, loved every bite of it.. order anything and won't be disappointed. Must Visit!! Happy Eating!!
Rated It is a small food joint with hardly four five tables but their hospitality and speciality is by no means small. They serve one of the most delicious Chinese food in the suburbs for reasonable prices. I visit this place often for the love of their dimsums , tofu in oyster sauce and sizzlers. Never disappointed. Kudos to the team and the humble host. Fine taste and next door neighbor appeal makes it a perfect place to keep coming back.
Rated The newly opened small place in mahavir nagar which takes ones attention by its name only 'khow chow' ... its different and catchy. Definately the best out of all the eating outlets in that line. The chinese and thai food is good in taste and quality. Even d chinese sizzler which was nice tastewise and good in quantity too. The rates doesnt give pain to the pocket at all. .... its definately value for money.
Rated Khow Chow stands out from all the hustle bustle of the ever crowded Mahavir Nagar. Their restaurants' look is appealing from outside and upon entering, you feel comforted by the space you are provided as they have closed curtains on both sides which blocks your view of all the other food joints in the same line. You can actually focus on what you want to eat. Which is a very positive point and they pulled it off successfully! I loved the short and sweet ambience of this place, its very clean, they have nice seating arrangements of proper dining tables and chairs, so basically you are at full ease. The tiny details of the decor are influenced by the drive to make this place look fresh and chinese. The menu is very interesting and not that lengthy at all. They have something of everything! From soups, salads, appetizers, noodles, rice, gravies, pastas, pizzas ! And yet the menu isnt lengthy. We ordered for the Nachos with Jalapeno Cheese Dip, and the quantity was much enough for two hungry grownups. Their dip was amaaazing. And the nachos were topped with corn and bell pepper and it was just too good to be true for Mahavir Nagar. Next was, Schezuan Noodles, which also tasted yummy, wasnt that spicy enough so we had to order for extra schezuan sauce, that costed an extra 20 bucks. But, nevermind. Once that came, the noodles were awesome! I really like this place, being a chinese food fanatic, Khow Chow is exciting, reasonable and serves good quality food !
Rated Beginning A outlet that got me interested thanks to the rating it currently has on zomato & came across it through random chance on the search list. So once I reached near the location on the map & could not spot, I had noticed a small stand which made me think this cannot be the place & once I call the shop to confirm it was the small road side place without any board to indicate that it was dharma's. --------------------- Appearance The appearance sent a big alarm bell in my head, even I was a bit disappointed by looking at it, even the hygiene is not that good. If you are the type that easily gets turned off by a place that does not have proper seating & ambiance then this is not the place for you. It's a average road side street shop at the side of a building & nothing really else to talk about it. --------------------- Service & Preparation Speed It's roadside stall so a good service is not expected, but still the shop owner interacted very well with the customers & he seemed to be familiar with a lot of the college students that frequented at his shop. The average preparation speed of their sandwich can range from 30 sec to 1 min ( for a not toasted variant)to 2 mins (for a toasted variant). Thanks to there being a rush I had wait a long time to get my order ready which led to it becoming cold by time I brought it home. Since they do not home delivery I gave my order from the phone & told them to prepare it & I will pick it up. So when I went after 30 mins & was expecting the order to be ready, it wasn't ready & they made my order in front on me, which pissed me off & I felt like flipping their stall & leaving. But I was just not in the mood to start something plus I was really tired & hungry. --------------------- Food In total I have tried five different varieties of their sandwich - Chocolate toast, Pasta mayonnaise toast, Keema Chilli Toast, Chinese Cheese toast, Manchurian Chilli toast. All of the sandwiches have different variety on their taste, which was quite surprising for me. Since basically it's normal expected that most sandwich places(which aren't a really big shop), all of them have literally the same taste & just minor changes in the stuffing. The best was the Chinese cheese toast, which was a two layered sandwich stuffed with the their own variation of Chinese Manchurian balls & their in-home sauce. --------------------- Ending FINAL OUTPUT - It's a good outlet, the place where it's located isn't exactly a good location but the quality of food is good enough to attract a decent crowd for a roadside stall. Even the pricing to quality ratio is good, only one major problem with going here is that there is a lot of crowd here so you have to wait a few mins for your order to be completed.
Rated Suprising to see Dharma on Zomato. Me and my friends used to be regulars at Dharma's back in our college days and do visit it occassionally now as well and I believe have tasted every sandwich on his menu! He makes some real lip smacking mayonaise toast sanwiches which are kinda his forte. The Dharma Special(DSP), kebab sandwich and pasta are among his best! The chocolate sandwich and Russian salad are also nice dishes to try sometimes! To conclude, I would say that my college is around a good 2-3 km away and we did have other sandwich restos nearby, yet we travelled the distance to dharma's....so trust me guys, if a meat lover goes this far for veg sandwiches, they sure gotta be real good!
Rated This guy serves one of the most amazing and innovative sandwiches in the suburbs! You get a wide range of sandwiches here! It's one of the few vegetarian things I would happily spend my money upon! Pasta mayonnaise,kebab mayonnaise and Manchurian chilly mayonnaise are some The most consumed and loved variants here! Hearty amounts of mayonnaise and cheese constitute the rich flavours of the fillings! Add this one to your bucket list if you haven't been here!
Rated You are in for a treat if u are a sandwich lover . The stuffings here are just out of the world. You will get to taste an amazing combinations of flavour which you Won't find in any ordinory restaurant if you order a sandwich there. Once you taste it you are sure to order the rest of the sandwhiches in the menu and the best thing is you can have 4 sandwhiches at a time and still won't be satisfied. The place is very pocket friendly. Do go with your college friends if u owe them a treat.
Rated Great service! Visited this place quite often All the sandwiches are beyond excellence.... Taste is soo yummy soo creamy... Visit once n I bet ul want to visit this place again and again <3
Rated Relli different kind of sandwiches A new concept Pasta sandwich is the best samdwich u gt der❤️.
Rated All type of best sandwiches available ? Once u visit i bet you will go again n again Its taste is just awesome ? Food 5/5 Taste 5/5
Rated After hearing about this place from a friend, I decided to visit it.. A small sandwich stall (like a baakda sandwich wala). Has so many different varieties of sandwiches. The DSP, i.e. Dharma special is a must try.. Even Manchurian sandwich and pasta sandwich are good. And you must end your meal with a chocolate sandwich. A good place for sandwiches
Rated In a Predominantly Gujarati area a sandwich stall is always a hit!! But a man of this creative mind deserves the fan following he has. From Chinese noodle toast to Italian pasta toast to chocolate toast.. Dharma was the first place i came across this kind of fusion food.. (I know a few friends who have attempted such things in desperate times but am yet to come across an enterprise that has been this fun) Well about the food.. I personally dint like a lot of other toasts i tried.. But the Dharmas special toast and the chocolate toast is definitely worth a try.. And see what new the warm and stylist andhraite 'Dharma' and his nephews have to offer.
Rated Quality: Very good Quantity: Very good Service: Super Fast Total Value for money. A hot spot for college goers ! In love with the place at first bite :)
Rated My friend can vouch for dosas here. N I wasn't disappointed. They have really some good variety. You can try any, I think you wouldn't be disappointed. Staff is really nice.
Rated If you want to have delicious, mouthwatering and innovative varieties of dosas, this is the place to go. Well, this is kind of a low profile place so there is actually no decor whatsoever. However, they have a small air-conditioned section now. Its USP is fusion dosas which are worth every penny. Cheese Paneer Chilly, Nandu's Special Dosa series are my personal favourites. This place is too jampacked on weekends and holidays.
Rated Great place! The variety of dosas is too good and must try. Also very pocket friendly. Menu: Offers wide variety of dosas, tried 6 different types and all tastes unique and superb.
Rated If you are in mood of good dosas, want to sit and eat but don't want it to be heavy on pocket, then this is the place to be. It has a decently spaced area in open for seating and is generally very crowded but they are quick in their service. I have stayed quite close to it and thus it used to be one of 'frequently order from' places. It also serves Sandwiches and Pizza in addition to Dosas, Uttapam and Idlis. The usual ones are quite nice but some others I have really liked are: - Choupsey Dosa (Chinese noodles and schezwan masala stuffing), - Bhaji Dosa (pav bhaji stuffing), - Gini Dosa (Veggies, cheese and right spices) and - Pizza Dosa (tastes similar to one of the local fast food joint pizzas). Dosas can be a little spicy. If you don't eat spicy food, do specify when you order. They will make it to your preferences. Idli are nice tasting and fresh too. Would absolutely recommend this place for a VFM dosa meal:)
Rated As there is a saying: I'll just tweak it a bit_ Nandu's naam hi kaafi hai! Amazing and yummiest dosas! With a great variety and each variety is worth trying! I visit this place many times and would surely recommend all to go n visit this place once!
Rated Super crowded place during the weekends beacause they probably serve the best and the most variety of dosa's that uve heard of.. definitely a vegetarians heaven and offcourse even a good tryout for nonvegetarians who want to try out something filling in vegetarian. the ambience is normal ,major drawback would be the service you always need to be on the lookout for them to give out your order. ps- u might wanna carry some extra cash coz even though the menu is cheap you end up trying a variety of dosa's :D
Rated The south indian dishes are superb. As the name suggests this place is known for its varieties of dosas. The ambience is not good but the is food is amazing Must try: 1. Spl. Manchurian dosa 2. Paneer cheese chilly dosa 3. Jini dosa 4. Nandu spl. Dosa 5. Choclate dosa
Rated This place has nothing much to talk about expect for their awesome dosas! Try any one on the cards and I am sure you are gonna love them. My fav here is the corn cheese dosa.
Rated Globalization has introduced us to different cuisines of the world. Little did we know that our regional food would also undergo such a drastic 'change'. Now an eatery comes up that serves dosas (gone are the days where a sada and masala dosa would suffice) but with such wide variety of options that we are left scratching our head thinking what should we order. I found myself in such a spot at Nandu Dosa. The Dosas : Off late this eatery has gained a lot of popularity. So i went there with sky rocket expectations. After getting confused (never ending options) we settled for Nandu Special Dosa. It was good. We concluded by ordering sada dosa (my personal favourite). To be fair, there are many places in Borivali itself that serve better dosas. Food → 3/5 Location : Nandu dosa is located at a good spot (near a school and a public park) which must have proved beneficial for them. I thought it would be a small place but it has laid out quite a number of tables. Ambience → 2.5/5 Service : I expected fast service from them and they were bang on. A good sign when you are really hungry → 3/5 I still dont find myself in a right position to review this place as it will take atleast 5-6 visits to exactly know where their strength and weakness lies (the options are aplenty). Till then Nandu Dosa still remains to be explored.
Rated Serves awesome variety of dosa's and not heavy on your pocket. Every item ordered was delicious. Tried Cheese palak dosa, nandu's special pizza dosa and jinni dosa.
Rated It does call for a Starbucks visit when you want to have a good conversation. This time, headed for the one at Kandivali. Ambience: This is one of the larger Starbucks and one of the most organized one. When you step in, you do feel like you are entering a place where you can sit, enjoy coffee and engage in a discussion unlike some other outlets which are so cramped up. The shades of wood are pleasing to the eye and the well positioned shelves add to the ethnicity. Food and experience: It was the first time ever I tried some food at a Starbucks, the corn and cheese open face sandwich. It was sufficient for a person and was a perfect accompaniment to a cold coffee. Down to the main business, I had my ever favorite Caramel Frappucino. I would have preferred a bit more caramel in it but it was good nonetheless. Service: Service was quick and all our queries were answered promptly. No complaints on this front. We did switch tables when we spotted a better sitting. The wait staff was quick in clearing the table for us. Verdict: I would prefer going to this outlet simply for the well-organized setup. You are ensured you are not sitting so close to the adjoining table that you can overhear their conversation. Quality of food and beverages remain consistent as other outlets.
Rated Bandra's envy, Kandivali's pride... Damn, this is one spacious Starbucks... One coffee shop that I make it a point to stop by whenever I have meetings in the area.. They have a variety of seating here, from the more business like chair & tables to the lazed out sofas... That caramel latte somehow tastes better when you're not seated on those horrible high seats at the Bandra reclamation branch :)
Rated This is probably the only Starbucks outlet that I liked a lot. It has a spacious, pleasant interior with earthy brown tones dominating the decor. Bonus points for the western classical music that was being played on the sound system, which was really lovely. We ordered a red velvet and chocolate espresso (blended coffee) and green tea along with some snacks. The coffee and tea were extremely good. The snacks were not that great though. However, all in all, it was a nice experience. Will visit again.
Rated My favourite Starbucks outlet. It has ample number of tables and the ambience is quite fitting to the brand name. The staff behaves well and the service is prompt too. For a change, they call out your name rather than shouting. It is always occupied but you will always find a place to sit.
Rated I have always been a starbucks fan, but the starbucks in kandivali west disappointed me to the core... No doubt the staff is good and well behaved... But yesterday i had been there and me and a frnd sat on a table which was vacated by a couple, and their tray and left overs were left unattended by the staff for almost 30 mins after them leaving After being totally bugged by this i had to go myself and ask them to clear it up as it was not looking nice, This is a kind of thing u wud never expect at a starbucks... But anyways, the place is very cute i can say, coffee jars placed in shelves....a big poster of coffee seeds....smell of coffee all over d place calms me down :) The seating is very much comfortable... Would definitely give the kandivali branch one more try in the near future...
Rated Thank you, STARBUCKS COFFEE for opening an outlet in our vicinity, i.e. Kandivali. Love all your products. The cups and mugs are a bit over priced and only gives a low, very low discount if we barge in with the purchased Starbucks product, making it not that worth. Though, they're the best ones.
Rated Amazing ambience, good coffee and deserts. In addition, a fantastic place to have a chat. Also good to work on your stuff. The ambience makes u wanna sit there for hours. Will try their snacks next time.
Rated Most fav coffee spot in kandivali west. After every tiring workout/ grocery shopping at golds gym and dmart respectively which located just next to it. I would prefer a hot cup of coffee or just some hot chocolate and starbucks knows how to make the best coffee and hot chocolate😚. I know its a bit pricy compared to ccd which is located just at the corner but the taste can not be matched.
Rated This outlets lies at a perfect place. The are is huge and the service lies amazing as always. The best part about this outlet is that it's ambience is amazing. There's not much seating available but its quite huge.
Rated Im in love with the Hot Chocolate these people make it that too without sugar and without cream , its just yummy . Place is good , service is fine as its self service , interior is also ok, comfortable place to have a word with the specially loved people of ours 🙃🙃 Im a big fan of Starbucks for their Hot Chocolate.
Rated The food over here is just fab i couldn't stop myself to write about it.....you guys just make those kebab just like it has come from heaven and you guys have just kept the name by serving those delicious kebabs and other food items like biryani you cook....thumbs up!!
Rated Ordered 2 kathi rolls after reading all the good reviews on Zomato. The person who answered the call from the restaurant was extremely warm and sweet.....in fact helpful in suggestions regarding what to order. I like it when the owner or the show runner is confident, this makes the experience of trying a new place more positive. He suggested a paneer sholay kebab roll and one paneer basil garlic tikka roll. Both were very different in taste from each other......one was a nice combo flavours like a sweet, spicy, garam Masala and soft paneer......whereas the other one was loaded with garlicky paneer flavour. Personally I liked the paneer sholay one more. But overall both were fine. In fact these are the first kathi rolls I have tried in borivali. So def its wasn't a bad experience at all.....prefer eating at the restaurant or stall rather than home delivery as it gets a bit soggy by the Time it reaches ur home. Overall 👍
Rated This place is only for take aways or home delivery! Tried veg dum biryani and paneer basil garlic tikka. The starter was awesome, quality of paneer, flavor everything was great. The biryani was good, not as great as the paneer starter. The quantity is also good!
Rated The most delicious biryani corner across Borivali! You get the most exotic paneer tikka biryani wid yummy raita is what yu need in your dinner plate. Thumps up 👍🏻 please include more North Indian dishes im ur menu. And to add up, the packaging of the parcel and quantity is applauding! If yu believe in quality, quantity and taste in an affordable price please try this. :)
Rated Just saw a banner and followed it while I had some work near Borivili station. The joint is a small shop which has no seating are so i think it is mostly for take aways. I tried their chicken tikka roll which was descent. The roomali roti was made fresh which was the best part. There were usual sauces and the roasted chicken tikka in the wrap.
Rated Finally took a parcel from kebab land today since I wanted to try out their kebabs. Took home a chicken rajasthani kebab and it was bursting with flavour! It was a little spicy for my liking, but enjoyed it nevertheless. Will try more food next time.
Rated Beginning A random place that I one day noticed while walking near borivali station while I was on my way to meet up with my sister to do some shopping. It is difficult to know such a place existed unless you notice the small board just outside the now dead Jaya Theater. It located just before you reach the theater. This place gave new hope of finally finding a place that will give a good place to order from since in borivali both east & west(excluding IC Colony Area) doesn't really have good quality place that serves both veg & non-veg food. But this place ended up serving out a bag of mixed result. --------------------- Appearance It's a small place with no option to dine-in, it just has a kitchen & it's a pure take away/home delivery place which are becoming common place nowadays. Instead of investing on a large place for customers to sit, they cram their kitchen into a small space & can spend more to get better equipment. So they can solely focus on their food without having to worry about maintaining other parts of their shop that they do not consider really important. --------------------- Service & Delivery Speed Nothing can be said about the service since it's a take away/home delivery place. While ordering the combo meal the individual on the phone was not exactly familiar what was available in it. Otherwise the order was taken without much of a problem & he was courteous enough. On my two times ordering from here, the first time the order took a long time(1 hour 10 mins) to deliver so sadly the food was already cold (it could not be helped since that day was a festive day, so expecting a order to be delivered quickly would be preposterous). On the second time during afternoon delivery the order was delivered with the time(40-50 mins) allotted by them & food was delivered hot(thankfully, that day I had friends over so it would have spoiled the mood to eat cold food). --------------------- Food On my two deliveries from here I had ordered - Chicken Tikka Biryani, Chicken Dum Biryani, One Roomali Roti, Tawa Paratha, Chicken Lasooni roll, Chciken Reshmi roll, Chicken Pahadi Tandoori Half, Chicken Tandoori Lollipop, Chicken Banjara Kebab,The Daily Combo Meal which included Tandoori Roti, Chicken Gravy, Rajma Gravy, Plain Biryani Rice & Gajar Halwa, Matka Kulfi. Both the Biryani's were below average in taste, even after a consuming it I can't even remember how it tasted like a day later, the taste was so forgetful. While the biryani was boring the quality of their tandoor items kicks up a level, their Roomali Roti, Tawa Paratha & Tandoori Roti all of them were well done even without relying on their butter variant. All of them broke without any effort, I did even have to bother using both my hands to do so, which is a good thing any day. Banjara Kebab, Chicken Tandoori Lollipop - both of them were really good, well cooked & they were really juicy, worth trying many times. Chicken Pahadi Tandoori Half - This was my first time trying this variant, though it was slightly burnt in some parts & it was dry, but the chicken was tender & still tasted good. Chicken Lasooni Roll & Chicken Reshmi Roll - It was just kebab pieces in a roomali roti rolled up with other stuff in it. Thanks to kebabs being their main signature dishes(at least according to their name), the taste was significantly good. Chicken Gravy - It was okay, it was mainly used by me to make the plain biryani rice in the combo meal worth consuming, it wasn't really spicy. Gajar Halwa - It was given in small quantity as per the combo meal. It was okay, sweet enough but not worth ordering it separately. Matka Kulfi - It was ordered on the day the delivered was delayed, so it was defrosted & even keeping it in the freezer for more than half hour did not help recover its original texture. So was a bit disappointed with the slightly melted kulfi & could not enjoy it that much. --------------------- Ending FINAL OUTPUT - This place is only really good for their tandoor items - their kebab, all their assorted breads & even the tandoori chicken. Biryani & their gravy can be improved. The desserts were just average nothing worth talking about. Just based on their Tandoor items I would have rated this place 3.5-4.0, but the overall quality & bad experience of the first delivery is what lead to the current rating. Once the store has an idea of where the location of delivery, they can deliver the food more efficiently without much problem. They might have had a problem locating my home address since they are not used to delivering on the east side, but on my second time they delivered it quickly.
Rated Mission : To find a place in Borivli that serves great non vegetarian food. Result : Not worth mentioning. The above story is the reason why i get excited whenever i see a new place opening in Borivali thinking this is it. This place might satiate my wish of having a kick ass non vegetarian place. Kebabland (though located at a not so good place) gave me that hope. So after a hectic day i came back home tired. With various options popping out from my phone book i decided to give Kebab Land a try (this story suggests that Kebab land is a take away joint with an option of home delivery) which means we have to strike out the ambience part while reviewing this place. So to become a success kebabland relies heavily on their food (taste and quality) and to provide spot on service when it comes to home delivery. I will start off with its food. I asked for their suggestion while ordering the food where they recommended me to try Rajasthani Kebabs. And along with them i ordered chicken tikka Biryani. Biryani was decent (there are other places with better biryanis). Rajasthani kebabs were too good (spicy and juicy). It was a worthy try. The quantity was enough for two people and the quality was good. While they scored good marks in the food department, i was thoroughly disappointed with their service and attitude. They took an hour or so to deliver the food. When i called up to check on them, their spokesperson blamed me for not giving a proper address and hence the delay. On asking the same question to the delivery boy, he gave the reason of broken cycle for the delay. Home delivery is tricky because you have to serve food while its hot. I will have to think twice before ordering there again even though i liked their food. Thats the sad part.
Rated Its good worth family resto to go.. Food is good.... service is well.. Not much priced too..... Ambience is vaise ok.. But u cn see babhai naka traffic :p
Rated Been there few days back for dinner. Good clean place located in Borivali West on a busy street. Ordered a clear soup, paneer pasanda (not too spicy) Daal tadka n jeera rice. Loved the paneer pasanda. It was stuffed and had green chutney inside. Yummy. Dal rice were also good, dal had good tadka on it.
Rated Lazy afternoon...wanted to have some vegetarian food...decided to order it at home. Called up Deepak Restaurant and ordered Gold Coin's as a started and Veg Lazawab gravy along with some Roti's. Gold coin was really good,crispy base and spicy Manchurian ball's flattened over it,covered with sesame seeds. Veg Lazawab was spicy, mixed vegetables along with some paneer, good enough. Have been to the restaurant in the past. The ambience is good enough, having being divided into AC and Non-AC section's, service and costing is average.
Rated Situated at famous Babhai naka.. Service is good.. Prefer visiting during weekdays.. As you would be spared by the weekend crowd.. Food wise the place is famous for the south indian dishes.. Raagi dosa.. Is unique.. For starters.. If you have a group of 5-6 people go for "Deepak spl Platter".. Good quality & quantity ... Check out the panner items for main course.. Panner Lazeez / Lajawaab .. panner was fresh.. Soft.. Also try the chochlate brownie with icecream sizzler.. .. Good service.. Proper pricing.. Ambience is great....
Rated Located on the main at babhai naka.. This is One of the better family restaurants at borivali.. South Indian is pretty nice.. Punjabi too is good enough.. Nothing extraordinary or unique about this restaurant as compared to other family restaurants in that area.. It's just that quality of food is pretty good.
Rated Dnt judge the book by its cover !! as rightly said ... Dont go by the NAME !!! Sounds bit cocktailed .. but Deepak offers one of the best punjabi food in borivali ... Mouthwatering classic punjabi taste.. A must for Indian food lover.. Ambience 6/10 Quality- 7/10 Taste -10/10 Quantity-8.5/10
Rated Excellent punjabi food..decent place to go with family.. Great taste.. They have 2 options for serving the food AC and non AC.. Food:4/5 Service:3.5/5 Cost: moderate Ambience: 2.5/5...
Rated It is located on the main road at Babhai Naka and so it is one of the popular as well as crowded restaurant. Moving on to food, the Punjabi dishes are as good as ever. The menu shows a lot of variety but I always go there for Punjabi food. The starters and even the subji have a good variety. The service is very fast. And the ambience is also fair enough. So I really recommend you guys to try it at least once. { THANK YOU }
Rated If matunga is too far from the burbs and if u crave for some rasam vadas, bisibella bhaat, curd rice.....in short good south Indian food then Deepak comes to our rescue. Tangy spicy rasam is the best here. Of course they do serve everything here.....pav Bhaji, Chinese, Punjabi etc etc. But I prefer the south Indian only. Didn't enjoy the idli platter too much. Neer dosa with korma is another special. Love the special mirchi served with curd rice. In chinese, burnt garlic rice was good with the typical paneer manchurian. Somehow I liked the taste better than most udupis. Didnt like the parathas served with dal and raita too much. Good place and good service.
Rated Firstly place your order before you go there since its made on demand and it might take some time so call before hand. It maybe difficult for people to find the place as I did the first time even though it's right on link road. I had the Asian style pork burger which was quite dandy and filling with potato wedges which were good too. I hope they had more options,the menu on Zomato lists only four types of burgers. I understand it's managed by the only two people but still. Overall food and the quantity,quality is great but that's about it. Cheers
Rated The Burger Giant! The burgers he makes is decent and quite large and filling. We know this guy well, so we sit at his home and eat. Else, it is take away for everyone. Large Juicy burger which can give ur Gym schedule a toss! Food 4/5 Ambience 3 /5 Service 3.5/5 Value for money 4/5
Rated This place serves meaty, saucy burgers to satisfy your hunger. I loved their chicken steak burger, and their beef burger was also on point. I didn't like the wedges much but the burgers were definitely good!
Rated Goofy's was one of the restaurants which was definitely one of those places which i had intended to go for a long time. And so it happened on a breezy Saturday evening with my office colleagues. To start with the place, we were welcomed inside the said flat no. with wide and welcoming smiles from the the Chef in Chief Griffith himself and his Mother. Since i was not decided on what to order, The Chef himself explained up the burgers he can serve up. So we ordered a Mammoth Chicken Burger, Bacon Dusted Potato Wedges and Ice Tea. About the Burger, it was super Huge in terms of size and definitely super delicious. The Burger consisted of double cheese, sauteed mushrooms, deep fried onion rings, a hint of bacon, the chicken was beautifully flavored and tossed in the sauce with utmost perfection, the best part being your hands are bound to get all messy when u eat tasty food. The Bread was fresh and soft too. However i did feel the burger lacked an element or two, maybe some kind of greens. The potato wedges, some of em, with great disappointment were under-cooked, and the seasoning was not at all appealing. The seasoning made the potato wedges taste sweet, which for me was not attractive. The Ice tea was one of the regular Lipton ice teas which can be easily made at home. A massive dis advantage for this place would be, the place has almost limited or one may say no menu for vegetarians. So i would not suggest you to go to this place with your veggie friend For me this place is a must visit only and only if you are in the vicinity. I would rate this place 3 on 5, but the homeliness feeling and hospitality definitely deserve the additional 0.5. Having said that, i do intend to come here again, to experience the hospitality and try out some other burgers too.
Rated Been here on a Saturday evening.. The place is located on the second floor of Gurukripa Bld exactly on link road. Amazed by the welcome i received by Mother-son duo who run this place, they make u feel like home. Enough space for 10 people to sit in their living room. You can even have it there or choose to take away. Ordered Chicken steak Burger which was very much filling and lip smacking. 3-4 huge pieces of chicken were put into the burger and also went for potato wedges which were also really well made. Surely coming here for more !! Taste - 4/5
Rated The best and value for money burgers in town.This is based out of the chef's home. The ambience is very homely. The only downer if I could possibly point out would be the time taken for the burger to be made. but the taste is definitely worth the wait ! One of the hidden gems from suburbs !
Rated So a burger joint run from home ... Just brilliant ... So after going through the menu choose to order the lamb ,pork and the chicken mammoth The best ...lamb burger ... With extra toppings of bacon worth the money spent ... Stomach full ... The second was the pork burger .. With extra toppings of bacon .. Well sorry but after eating the lamb ... The pork didn't even come close to it ... Bit more salty to my taste buds ... And the party too didn't taste that good ... The third my wife ordered for the chicken mammoth hahaha .. Her version ... Not that great ... Cause she also had a bite from the lamb burgers .. And so did I of the chicken burger ... I do t even want to talk abt it ... I completely avoided it ... Because the lamb was just pretty chunky juicy because of The burnt onions and the sauce and the extra toppings of bacon ... The taste and the chunkyness of the patty is still lingering in my mouth as I am writing this review ... It's just what awesome I feel sorry for the other two ... Because its made with lot of love ... But it for others foodies to decide not me ... But just for the lamb I would give 5 ... But the other two disappointed me .. I give it 4 ... Oh yes ... It's only take away .. And the first one you are supposed to have it in the house .. That's the tradition .... Enjoy the awesome burger ...
Rated "Home away from home!" Thats what my friend calls this place... and indeed its the chef's home which makes u feely homely too! And so i decided to explore this novel kindof food joint... here's my experience.. So it started with the warm welcoming smile of the chef and his mom when they open the door and asked what we would like to have. We ordered for chicken steak burgers and potato wedges. While we sat down on the sofa enjoying the TV and chit chatting... chef and his mom cooked for us...I wouldn't say the burgers were served quickly unlike some other fast food joints(read McDonald's 😝) which we are used to ...But i didnt find the wait too long... and even if it is,trust me the wait is worth it👍... so we were served with hot and freshly cooked potato wedges and burgers! The burger looked huge (or is my jaw small 😛) ...chicken cooked in tangy, a lil sweet caramelized sauce and chopped onions tasted juicy, tangy and delicious! 😍 and the stuffing was generous! I was almost drowned with the quantity of food😍 Also the hot wedges were perfectly cooked not too soft not too dry... and they were sprinkled with some spices...salty and moderately spicy i dont think it was oregano but something similar to it 😍 So in a nutshell... this place is for those who prefer good food over fancy floor... while i would recommend that its best for take aways... i did not find it awkward to eat my delicious burger at chef's dinning table 😀
Rated Living in Borivali since childhood I have struggled a lot to find a good enough burger place. I heard about this place from a few friends and wanted to try it for quite a while. And finally we decided to visit this place and it was all worth it. Those were easily the best burgers I ever had. The patty was so juicy, so tender and so full of flavours that all you're left with after finishing it is cravings for more. I had an Asian Pork Burger and a Chicken Steak Burger. Though both were absolutely amazing, the pork wins my heart. All patties are dressed in different sauces/gravy. Definitely worth numerous more visits!
Rated Looking at for burger that will satisfy your belly? Goofy's is your joint.Homemade and delcious is its USP I suppose. However would love to see more dishes added to their menu.
Rated I loved the food. Having lived in Bangalore for more than a decade, the food filled me with nostalgia too!! We had the banana crispies (unfortunately didn't come with the chutney, but only the ketchup). We also had the most awesome pumpkin dosa...the hostess claimed it to be unique in Mumbai and Bangalore. I believe the first part for sure :) The sol kadi was pungent and garlicky, but refreshing. Finally, the mango matka paysa...well, the king of fruits needs no review rating!! Missed the highly recommended Khotti idlis...will keep it for the next time!
Rated Could have been better. Had heard a lot of good reviews about it so had decided to try it. But was disappointed by the experience. Not worth repeating.
Rated I am a Mangalorean and love the food we eat. I wanted my fiancé to taste authentic South Indian food after being disappointed to taste what was being served at South Indian joints in Mumbai. I remember ordering Neer Dosa at a famous Matunga joint and what they gave was a brown Dosa. So I ordered Pan Pollo at Simply Saraswat which means Neer Dosa in Konkani. And it was so soft and fluffy! Just the way I was expecting. We also ordered Dakshin Idli as per the restaurants suggestion and it was great too. Had Sol Kaddi and Chaas from their drinks menu. Overall the food was good. Authentic South Indian - Mangalorean food joint.
Rated We are absolute south Indian food fanatics and have had expeditions to try the best in the city. We often visit Matunga, mumbai’s south Indian food paradise, to commit gluttony. One Sunday evening, while casually surfing Zomato, we came across this high rated south Indian joint not very far from our vicinity. Overwhelmed by the proximity and high rating, there we were at Simply Saraswat. It was a small joint surrounded by a couple of other eateries and is an easy find. This place had decent and neat interiors for a South Indian speciality restaurant. Reading through the wall clad newspaper articles on their restaurant we realised that it was more specifically Chitrapur Saraswat cuisine. We were keeping our fingers crossed. While going through the menu we could hardly decide what to order looking at the wide variety of available options. Decided to go for the dosa platter in order to get our hands dirty with more than one of their servings. They had six varieties of mini dosas accompanied with sambar, rasam, potato bhaji and 3 types of chutneys. Dosas were not the regular ones you get in the city. As a matter of fact the names were also quite different. The six doasas served were Kanara sada pollo, Pan pollo, Surnoli, Teen dal pollo with gunpowder & ghee, Loni pollo and spinach corn cheese dosa. Out of the six servings we managed to like just three. Kanara pollo which was more like a masala dosa tasted good because of the amazing flavour to the potato bhaji. Pan plool was nice being more like neer dosa. Teen dal pollo with gunpowder & ghee was like the name suggests a multi grain dosa made of moong, udad and chana sprinkled with podi masala. We did not like the rest three for the lack of right flavour and taste. Among the accompaniments sambar and coconut chutney were just about satiable but the rasam and rest of the chutneys were no good. After being disappointed with this dish we still ordered for piyush. Piyush is more of a maharashtrian curd based drink. It was far from what it originally is. It was a thin mixture of watered curd and was artificially flavoured. After this try we had no reason to order further. Our discovery turned tragic and our Sunday dinner left us craving for good food. Staff is courteous but untrained and deserves no special mention. Crisply we do not look to visit them again and neither do we recommend them as a try. gluttonyreviews.wordpress.com
Rated I love South Indian food and always on a hunt for good places serving it. Simply Saraswat had been on my wishlist since long. They serve not so regular South Indian cusine. They have very different and authentic dosas and idlis along with some modern fusion dishes. It is a small place next to 5 Spice with indoor and outdoor seating.. indoor consisting of 8-9 tables. The ambiance is descent and the place is done simple but quite well, definitely better than most udipi restaurants. What I ordered- Mini Dosa Platter- Just one word to describe it! Excellent! This platter consists of 6 Mini dosas/ pollo which are not exactly mini in size... along with chutneys, sambar, rasam and potato bhaji. Each dosa tasted different, had a different texture and were served with pure ghee or house made makhan(white butter). All the dosas were excellent. Pan Pollo-Thin, Soft, Fluffy melt in your mouth texture, plain white paired well with all the chutneys, bhaji, sambar or rasam. Surnali- Extremely soft and fluffy, again melt in your mouth texture, slighty sweet and yellow in color served with pure ghee/makhan paired well with everything. Corn Spinach Cheese Pollo- Good stuffing, tasty and enjoyable by itself. Well seasoned! Loni Pollo- Soft and Fluffy melt in your mouth dosa with ghee/makhan plain white udad dal dosa paired well with everything. Teen Daal Pollo with Pudi and Ghee- Soft Fluffy dosa sprinkled with pudi.. enjoyable by itself or the bhaji. Very good! Kanara Sada Pollo- Very good! This dosa was like the mysore sada but a little milder version in terms of the spice. Thin and lite with a tasty spread of mysore chutney... paired best with everything. I loved all the dosa be it simple or fancy. Good enough for two. Mini Thali Meal- Good! This meal consisted of 3 chapatis, rasam, 2 vegetables - masala vangi i.e brinjal potato and a cauliflower curry. I opted for sol kadhi instead of raita. This meal is enough just for one. The brinjal potato vegetable had coconut and tasted just excellent! The most delicious brinjal sabji I ever had. It was perfectly seasoned. The cauliflower curry was coconut based too and was good.. not wow as the brinjal. The rasam here is excellent! It is a little different than the regular one served at most udipis. It was a little thick in consistency and also has a wonderful asefotedia flavor. Correct amount of spice... not too spicy and perfectly seasoned. Sol Kadhi- Excellent! Yummy tempered kokum kadhi which was well seasoned. Yum! Yum! This place serves some real delicious food and is a must visit for South Indian food lovers. A good family restaurant. Definitely will go back for more. Good VFM.
Rated This place is simply simple and serves good south Indian food. The menu has a good variety to explore. Try their appes and masala poha rather than the usual dosas and uttappas.
Rated Simply Saraswat is simply the best South Indian restaurant in borivali area. For long me and my wife have been hunting for places to find proper authentic South Indian food and we were happy to spot this place here. We tried multiple dishes such as bopla dodak, surnoli, dosa with gun powder, filter coffee, Dahi wada. Everything available here had a mind blowing taste and was mesmerising. I was happy to find even the goli bajje on the menu. Last but not the least was the excellent reception that the lady owner gave us. She ensured we had a nice time. I would return here again for a sumptuous meal....
Rated Simply Saraswat is very true to it's name. Since I was super hungry when I visited, I ordered a Mini Dosa Platter which otherwise is a meal for two. They served six varieties of dosas with sabji, rasam, sambhar and 3 chutneys. Not only it was filling but also scored high on the authentic tastes. Plus they serve on a banana leaf which reminded me of my own traditions in my native home (Bengal). And yes, I did part after treating myself with some hot and sweet Sukrundo, another of their saraswat specialities. Next time I am coming for the Bhopla Doddak and Puddi Idlis!
Rated Simple is a bygone word for this south ethnic marvel dishes serving restaurant. The idli batter was perfectly ground as the idli tasted so perfect. Met with owner of the restaurant...after speaking with her understood that she's the mind behind this beautiful resto where the ambience sports a coastal konkan vividness and has a well nurtured staff...the moment you are handed with the menu you will have a rush in your head to order all what's there...and which what we did as we were missing most of the authentic dishes Mangalore is famous for...I would put up a strong recommendation to fellow foodies to visit this restaurant and get acquainted with eclectic Mangalore dishes...don't try but relish..I would like to thank the restaurant for the amazing food and ambience on the morning of the Saturday :)
Rated Chota packet, bada bomb. Sort of apt for this place which you would conveniently miss even if you passed by it. On entering the railway station kind of benches dont really do justice to the kind of food and juices served here. You are bound to be stuck on the menu while you order juices. The juices like Lal Quila, Thankyou, Anarkali etc etc simply dont have any relation to the juice being served (a simple description would really help). The waiters are however helpful in the same. It is difficult to recommend any juice because I clearly dont remember the names. The juices however were all good and upto the mark. The food is a highlight of the place. In such a plce you usually dont expect the food to be of high quality as it is usually treated as accompaniments. Here however, the case is different. The schezwan idli, corn cheese sandwich and the hara bhara kebab were all finger licking good and filled our stomach. Thank god for the lack of shenanigans in the names here. Truly a kind of place where the heart is content when you leave. 3menwalking.com
Rated Variety of juices & starters for the adventurous. Their USP is strange names.. So mostly you'll end up confused. It's safe to try a cheesy starter and litchi based juice. I found most shakes too sugary esp. Pina Colada. Chocolate based shakes might be better. You can also try indianised versions of international food. A fun place for once in awhile.
Rated Bunty's.. famous for its juices .. Small sitting area.. Crowded during weekends.. The juices comes with a twist.. Various combinations.. Starters are decent.. Though prices are bit on a higher side.. The best part is.. The order is taken from your vehicle parked in the lane near the outlet..
Rated Bunty juice corner a place where I've visited a lot of times. There is a variety of juice with this juice corner. The ones in pictures are uss par(special) on the right hand side which is amazing. The one on left is mix of strawberry & kiwi. The juices are amazing. Staff- 3/5 Ambience-3/5 Juice-5/5 Price-3.5/5 Overall-3.5/5
Rated A place we go post dinner to sip some juices etc...good variety of fresh juices and wonderful presentation...the names of the juices are also very inovative and attractive...its a must go ...will continue to go often..
Rated Bunty's is the first name comes in the mind of any Borivali resident if you ask him/her about juices. It has nice variety of collection of juices. Though the pricing is on the higher side, and there is nothing exceptional about the juices. Though ask the waiter for his suggestion. Be choosy in what you order.
Rated Had been here once, a few months back with an associate. The whole place is divided into 3 sections. One is the colorful vibranly decorated shop on the right, the other is the dull non ac segment on the left & the small ac section inside the left shop. Seating is a bit uncomfortable & the space is small getting noisy with people. Had ordered for a vegetable cheese grill sandwich & a sitafal milkshake. The time taken was about 20mins. The sandwich was crisp and tasted okish. (They should work on the chutney to make it better) The Sitafal milkshake was thick. The staff was kind & helpful. Overall a decent experience. Ps: Parking can be an issue. The menu is very extensive & confusing, choose wisely.
Rated A nice place to chill with friends. Located in a new area this place was surely needed. Good hukka with a very nice service offered. Though its veg but the pizza we ordered was good. Over all would lke to visit this place again for sure.
Rated awesome place hukka undernite the sky feels good 😀🙌👌bole toh ek number food is also awesome great place to hangout with buddies hukka music n masti 👌
Rated Nice place to hangout with friends.Superb ambience best service till date.roof top is just amazing.would love to visit again n again.Hookah lovers do try.
Rated Excellent ambience and food was delicious....big time hookah lover so started with the hookah ,place where you can hangout with your family with screening on match days,perfect place to hangout for veggies xD
Rated Best place for having sheesha with your friends. The ambience is very very very good. Service is pretty good. The most amazing thing here is the rooftop. One can have an amazing experience with a sheesha under the sky. The food is the another best thing here. And also it is open till 4 in the morning. So one can also enjoy sheesha all night.
Rated Ahhhh wat to say.. No words can express my feelings wen i visited for the first time and undoubtedly fell in love with it.. Amazing Place with a good crowd n dats a bang on.. Everything is perfect jus one request start d bar as well.. haha.. thanks a lot for such a nearby n superb place with best Sheesha n the service as well and a proud moment wen your friends own it..looking forward for the bar.. :-)
Rated Excellent ambience, food was brilliant & to start with if u r JAIN then do call for Pink Pasta, WK special pizza and one of the jain sizzlers , v really enjoyed it as the quantity was also pretty good and they do have big screens on match days, it was a perfect place for a boys night out for us and not to forget special thnx to Nirav Mehta for the special "FAVOUR"
Rated Warehouse skylite..you can say "bus naam he kaafi hai".. Where to start hmm.. Ambience : two section are there 1> air condition : very hatke and unique interior with super comfertable seating. 2> open to sky roof top with beautiful view of pagoda and sky view..best time to go in evening..you will feel like taare zameen par when u seat on rooftop specially on private section.😍😘😙 Music : Very chilling music plays and you can play your choice of music too but you will not get chance to go and give your choice beacause they will be playing your type of music already in there playing list. Specially now in ipl when go there to watch match you can see your favatch on big projector with surround sound music and when six or wicket come ...your fav song playes ... champion champion....dj bravo... Food: All i can tell you about food is that if you are foody and food lover than you mus visit this place once and you will come again again to try out different different dishes Sheesha: One of the best sheesha base they have and one of the best sheesha they make to satisfy your taste as per your choice P.S: try sheesha in there alien craft sheesha...with special chillam.. Overall bestest place in western suburbs.
Rated Skylite as the name describes it is actually a lightning space below the sky ie their 2 rooftop areas r just amazing it gives u an experience of having sheesha underneath stars..their AC section is fun aswell, while watching cricket ppl go crazy and not to forgot their music is also cool enugh..all in all its a happening sheesha lounge with wide range of hookahs and excellent coal service you dont need to hunt for staff they are ready to assist you all the time..frnds its a mst visit place with amazing crowd :)
Rated Skylite is the perfect place for chilling out with friends and relaxing in this heat/no heat. I was awed by the decor and location plus the pure veg food, which is frankly hard to find these days! Now let me tell you about the HOOKAH, which is amazing, and what makes it perfect is the continuous service one gets here(Coal change). T3 is perfect for a romantic date/hangout with friends. Its right on the link road beside Eskay resort, making it very approachable and is a sure shot place to hang out multiple times. You won't regret it ! Do try :)
Rated This is a small place in IC Colony. If you're in the vicinity, you just can't miss it! It's a small place with not a lot of seating available. It feels like a nice restaurant with some tables outside. The staff are really cordial and helpful. The food here is really great. It's not like the normal chinese you eat at road side joints, because it's authentic Chinese! The taste is just perfect. It's not too spicy, not too sweet, a balance between all. The portions are really good. You can really gorge on the food without it burning a hole in your pocket. I personally recommend the Honey chilly crispy pork (it's not on the menu), salt pepper fish and the santong chicken. The pork is sweet, crispy and the heat is not overpowering. The salt pepper fish is very well prepared. The fish is so soft, it falls apart at a touch. The santong chicken is like chicken pakodas. They are best when piping hot.Ever since i've been here, i don't feel like eating at other chinese places. Lovely food, average ambience, cordial staff, overall a good experience. Average cost for 2 people aprox Rs. 500
Rated A small cosy place in I C colony. Not that difficult to find as people claim it to be. Ordered chicken lollypop masala. Which not too oily neither too spicy. Nicely balanced. Then to our surprise the owner/manager came to our table and asked us how we found lollypop masala to be. Also made the rice as per our specifications. It was chicken burnt chill garlic triple rice. Quantity over here is good enough for 2. And the quality is also taken care of. Staff is really warm and owner/manager gives her personal attention for every guest. The reason i do not remember names of their dishes is, when ever i visit the restaurant, the lady at restaurant (manager/owner) attends us personally (well she does that to almost everyone) and asks us what do we expect and want to eat, they go out of the way and serve things which are not even on their menu. These people get 5 from me on service. I absolutely adore them. Haven't received such warm service even at any of elite restaurants. Top class is the word. Rating out of 5 Taste: 4 Quantity: 5 Ambiance: 3 Value for money: 4.5 Service: 5
Rated Came here looking at the good zomato ratings. Ordered chicken mushroom soup, salt n pepper prawns , triple rice and Singapore noodles. all the items were having slightly different taste than the conventional chinese. Food was ok service was good. Their schezwan sauce is a bit tangy. Didnt like the prawns though. Other items were fair enough.
Rated A really difficult place to locate and seriously i doubt if the food is worth the effort it takes to track down this place Although the service is prompt the food is just not upto the mark A lot many places serving better chinese than bamboo garden are still around dahisar and borivali so its definitely not a must try!
Rated If uve come here then u are going to tick 3 boxes. 1) Pocket friendly 2) Indian Chinese with a slight twist 3) Good portions. The bonus u will get is that the service is excellent and the people running the place are friendly and attentive. As i know that the management follow zomato, I'd like to tell them to pay more attention to the interiors as thats one aspect which can be really improved now. The place is a tad bit difficult to find and id recommend u to read up on the review by @Thefoodasaurus to reach there with perfect precision. Overall i liked the place.
Rated Located in ic colony, this place is a pretty good choice for Chinese lovers. The starters we ordered was good along with the pork dishes. Gin chicken, pork burnt red pepper, fish Thai curry and honey chicken chilly was the better among what we had ordered. Definitely worth a visit for 2nd time also.
Rated Amazing Chinese I've ever had! The price for the quality of food is more than worth it. Its a small joint with no AC section. Loved the burn garlic fried rice. Also called for a couple of chicken starters which were really well done! Keep up the good work (y)
Rated Chinese food lovers would really like this place...Most of the dishes here are very tasty! The Chicken Lollipops,Soups are good...Also their Chicken Hakka Noodles is really nice...Try the Honey Chilly Chicken which is very different..The pork dishes here are good too....love the Salt and Pepper Pork... They know their food well and are good at what they do...
Rated Went there hoping for some great food. We ordered a chicken mushroom button soup, which turned out to be weird! They had added some egg to the soup, and the weird eggy smell from the soup made me feel eeew. I kept the soup aside. Then came our chicken lollipop. I wonder what happened to out good old chicken lollipops? Hardly anyplace serves good lollipops. :( we also ordered garlic fried rice and red pepper chicken grave which did not disappoint us much. The fried rice was great, but the red pepper chicken gravy was lacking taste. The restaurant was a bit crammed and we decided to parcel our main course after having out soup and starter! Will I visit them again? Yes may be, will order something else and try again! The staff was nicely trained and orders came very fast and the people there were very friendly and welcoming!
Rated One of the best sweets shops in Borivali..high regard for taste and quality..personally love their samosas which they serve with papaya chutney.. phaafdaa ... All sweets are great!
Rated They serve yummy samosas and jalebis...sweets are gud too. But i love namkeen more than sweets. So didnt try sweets here. Khaman dhokla with the papaya chutney has typical gujarati taste and i can hog on it as i like gujju food. The staff here gets 10 days summer vacation and 10 days holiday after diwali too. So the shop is closed during these days.
Rated really close to borivali station, farsan tastes yummy, sweets are equally good in taste, along with ery unique flavors nice place to satisfy your sweet craving.
Rated You'll get a good variety of Sweets & Farsan Items here. This place is near Borivali Railway station West & it's famous for snacks. The taste of Samosa is very nice. Among Sweets you may try Gulab jamun or Kala jamun.
Rated This place is very much popular for all the snacks they just give the proper taste and give fresh food whenever u go here their will be waiting so guys just try from madhuram anything u ll nt b disappoint i m sure very much preety staff also 😅
Rated For all those who have a big time sweet tooth, this is the place to go and binge on the awesome sweets that they have. The place is hygienic, polite staff, widespread of sweets and snacks, awesome taste. Almost all of their sweets are to be tried. The only thing that is painful out here is parking. Being close to the station, finding a parking is an uphill task and tedious job.
Rated Considered one of the best sweet shops in Borivali West. Sweets are excellent and very fresh. Rates are on the higher side but quality justifies the pricing.
Rated Very easy getaway if you are in borivali and want to rely on good quality sweets. Madhuram is known for its consistency in quality since its presence in borivali since past 12 odd years. The SAMOSA'S are a must try here. But my personal favourite is KESAR MALAI PEDA I bought during ganapati festival and they were just mind blowing <3 . They offer various Bengali sweets which are freshly made and you always treat your guest with this delicious yummy mini rassgullas. I wish they started bakery products or cake items like other stores done that street. Krutam...027!
Rated Too good fresh hot jalebis and nice papdi...the greated papaya chutney needs much improvement...amazing consistency in jalebis and papdi...must have..👍
Rated Ordered 100gm jalebi to check the taste and it turned out to be very good . Its worth craving for ! The sweetness and the flavour just hits the mark.
Rated One of the food joints to serve best jalebis in Mumbai. Quite famous for its jalebis that they serve fresh. The price is very reasonable and you'd want to order another plate every time. Food: 4 Ambience: 2.5 Service: 3
Rated #Chilly Winter's....??? Wanna treat Your Taste Buds With Some Exceptionally Awesome JALEBI #Don't Think #Come here :p The BAAAP of Desi Ghee Jalebis in Locality
Rated Mumbadevi Jalebi Wala is from many generations & is known for it’s jalebi & Fadfa/Papdi. Simply delicious, Hot, Crispy & mouthwatering. This outlet is located at Raj Arcade Building, opposite D-Mart in Mahavir Nagar. This outlet is for take away only. This place is a must try for all who likes jalebi. My rating: Food Quality – 4/5 Service – 4/5 Value for Money – 4/5
Rated If you are a jalebi lover (like jethalal) then this is the place. They make the jalebis fresh when you order so its hot and that's the main thing which we don't get at other places. We get the jalebis cold and the gathiyas are hot. But here the scene is opposite but I love it this way. And obviously it has opened in Kandivali just since few years but it has the name of mumbadevi which has been famous for years..
Rated Mumbadevi Jalebiwala! The best jalebiwala in Mumbai! If you are looking for amazing, fresh, crispy and perfect sweet Jalebi, this is the place. Jalebiwala is a good place to start your mornings or to end your evenings! A good traditional aroma and flavour catches you, if you are passing the shop. Most delicious and mouth watering fresh Jalebi's in pure ghee! They cook jalebi after the order is placed and serve hot and fresh jalebi. It’s nice to watch the procedure of making of Jalebi's. Mostly a take away joint, you can still stand and eat, if you don’t want the jalebi to go cold by even one bit. Awesome hot jalebi's anytime you visit this shop. They also serve a savoury gujarati snack dish called Papdi along with Papaya chutney, but it would have been icing on the cake if they also serve Fafda (another savoury gujarati snack dish) and pickled green chillies. Be ready to stand in a queue on a Sunday morning or on special occasions. The bad part is you have to wait for long time and they do not have a proper set up so you can wait, sit, and enjoy the garma-garam sweet Jalebi’s. But they still carry the legendary taste of Jalebi's! No point in caring about the ambience so much. Overall a good place, for your taste buds if you are a Jalebi lover! It's totally worth the money! Must try!
Rated One of the best jalebis in mumbai! This place hardly ever lets you down. They follow a standard process to make jalebis throughout all their branches across Mumbai. Thus anywhere you go their jalebi tastes pretty much the same. They also serve papdi and papaya chutney along with it. Papdi is decent, we definitely can find better. Sometime back they used to keep the jalebis ready and cooked. They just used to pack it as per the order. These days they have started preparing jalebis as per the order. That prevents jalebis from getting cold and soggy. One downside about this specific, unlike the one in Pydhonie, is that it does not have sitting area. So it gets very difficult to eat your jalebis there and you have to take a parcel.
Rated The place has Jalebi's and Fafda. That's it. But to try and describe the Jalebi is to do injustice... The right amount of sweet and absolutely piping hot is how we had it. Yum!
Rated Paradise for gujju in mumbai. When ever m near Zaveri Bazar or close to this shop I make sure I drop ther for pipping hot fresh papdi gathiya with pure ghee saffron flavoured jalebi. What else gujju needs
Rated Well, this place is very small but the food here is very good. Speaking about the ambience... On one of the walls all healthy food/fruits are described and also the ceiling is lined by the glasses in upside down direction...so overall its ambience is ok. The service was slow but it was worth waiting fr these desserts. We had order vanilla brownie shake, kulfi falooda with rabdi and one mre dessert( having chocolate and brownie srry i dnt remember the name) Well vanilla brownie shake was just too good and it was very much refreshing. Falooda was also good with proper amount of rabdi and kulfi. But i felt the quantity was less as one would expect from the prices. Choc and brownie dessert was good but not as good as falooda nd shake. Well the place is bit overpriced and also there are less varieties to choose frm. So overall ill rate it 4/5
Rated I had tried this Singapore Carnival Sundae Speacility of the Carnival Icecreams. Looks Super ; we were bound to order due to the Looks. The Service was a bit Slow but looking at the Sundae you forget the World. Pieaces of Strawberry ; Kiwi ; Apple were mixed with Whippedcream to perfection. But the surprise was the 3 layered scooped icecream of Strawberry ; Mango and Vanilla. It is just the perfect blend of Fruits and Fruit Icecream. Coming to pricing it was Rs 230 for the whole while was a bit bigg compared to the Size of the Glass :) but will surely recommend to go for it ☺
Rated Small and adorable place order strawberry blossom taste was awesome want to try more .
Rated We ordered a choco sitafal cream which is supposed to be a mix of many things. I was not expecting something nice, as I felt that the two flavours would not blend in nicely. But to my surprise, it was greattt! Amazing place for desserts! Will surely visit them again! Place is a little expensive, but it is worth it. Deserves a 5 star rating!
Rated This is a small place right next to On the Go veg lounge, mainly for desserts and juices, etc. The staff is friendly. We ordered the 'Singapore' and were as amused with the outcome as with the name. It took some time to be prepared but was really amazing with tons of fruits and nuts topped with cream. The other options in the menu were as mouth watering. Visit this place if u have a sugar craving!! thefoodiebattle.wordpress.com
Rated This is a great place if u wanna have some good desserts as they have lot of options from juices, Shakes, sundaes and many more. I ordered Blackgrape shake, brownie sip and malai kulfi. Taste wise a big thumps up, service is fast and staff is attentive. Would definitely recommend others.
Rated A tiny ice-cream parlour next to On The Go Veg Lounge. Carnival serves you Ice-creams, Mocktails, Juices, ice-cream sundaes, Milkshakes and Kulfis! Tried the Chocolate Chip ice-cream and Mango ice-cream here. Yet to try the other sections. As far as the ice-cream is concerned, it was fresh and creamy with Mango ice-cream being the best out of the two! Looking forward to come back to this place to try out their other sections! :) Ambience: 3.5/10 Taste: 4/5 Value for Money: 4.5/5 Service: 5/5. mumbaifoodjunkieblog.wordpress.com
Rated A tiny but lovely place for juice, shakes and sundaes. The mocktails and deserts are mouth watering and lovely to taste. All thngs are garnished beautifully and the prices are reasonable too.
Rated I write a review again for this place.....a small shop located in bylanes of Borivali......i had ordered choc muffins for bday and believe me the mouth watering melting taste is splendid......cake star i ll come n order again....keep up the taste and do start an outlet in other parts of mumbai
Rated Ambiance: NA Quality: 4/5 VFM: 4/5 I was once walking by the street where i had seen this joint open a few months ago and curiosity killed the cat! I had to g and have a look. Chaitanya is the one who owns the joint and he was there when i went to have the peek a boo. He invited me in and i was just looking around. We had a nice chat and then he offered me the mini cupcakes. I loved them so much that I took some home and also came back with friends. Then I ordered a minion cake to be made in a day. And he got it made to the mark. The cake was a fondant cake of which i have this perception that they just look nice but are not so nice to have. Well he changed that. However the fondant was, the cake was amazingly soft from the inside. Then I had a birthday of my friend coming up and I ordered for Cupcakes which were filled inside. So the flavors were the red velvet cupcake with cream cheese filling and the chocolate nutella cupcake. Both were good but the nutella one could have been better.
Rated My Baby was turning two and I wanted to order a birthday cake for him. I was bored of Monginis and Birdy's & wanted to try someone new. I found Cake Star very close to my place. I found their cakes pretty descent looking.. so decided to place an order with them. I do not like cream cakes and as I wanted for my son.. I was looking for a dark chocolate cake. They gave me two choices.. death by chocolate and chocolate truffle. They said death by chocolate contains coffee. I don't really enjoy coffee desserts so was not sure about it. They offered me a pastry to taste and then decide. Death by Chocolate was yummy! No coffee flavor at all. Was soft and moist! I placed an order for it. Meanwhile I also tried the red velvet pastry. It was soft and moist too but a little sweet for my palate. The final Birthday cake was awesome. Soft and moist... not too sweet... just perfect. Just the way I wanted it to be. Everyone loved it. Definitely a good place to order cakes.
Rated Ordered my daughter's 1st birthday cake from this amazing place. It was a custom cake design selected from Internet n these guys knocked it out of the park. Exact carbon copy of the design n taste wise it was heaven. Fondant cake never tasted this good. A must visit place for every special occasion. Customer service awesome. Great job Mr. Chaitanya n team 👍
Rated Okay... I've tried only 2 things so far.. Pineapple pastry and Chocolate muffin. But the high rating because both shot through the roof as far my expectations of taste and pricing were concerned. Chocolate muffins are like 4 bites of heaven.. Love love loved it! (although you could eat it in a single bite :p) Also it's a veggie outlet and that removes a lot pruning effort! Plus points for the sweet and considerate service. I was surely re-visit and try other items :)
Rated Amazing taste of pastries and cup cakes.. reasonably priced... mouth watering cakes... they also provide customized cakes.... one must try their cup cakes... also loved chocolate pastry.
Rated I have actually tried i think almost everything :p I yesterday gmhad a craving for chocolate badly as usual and thought of trying the red velvet as it appeared tempting and ohhh my GOD it was amaaazing! I really really loved it! I usually dont prefer red velvet but this wasss amazzinngg!!
Rated superb cakes beautifully designed as per your requirement and reasonably priced. I ordered a 3D cake for my husband' s birthday; 1st time from this shop and was very happy with it. No disappointment 😀. Thank you Cake Star!!
Rated The cup cakes are a must try. The flavours are vivid and the Colors are vibrant. Each flavour is distinguished and made to perfection. Overall it's a gratifying experience. Also it's a perfect gift for someone you might want to see with a sweet little goodie.
Rated Something we wanted nr my house and this shop gives lot of varities of cakes and quality is also good... Its in same range they give personalised cake so i would like to advice u go to this cake shop n make some good peronalised cake and taste ......
Rated Naturals of prem nagar Borivli is one of the well known ice cream parlour in borivli.. Naturals provides a variety of ice cream flavours.. Have tried tender coconut, choco cream and chocolate almond from here and all of them tasted really good.. Ambience here is also good and space is also good.. Overall a good ice cream parlour and must try during hot summer...
Rated Desire for a Perfect ice cream ? This is it then! Natural ice cream the name is really true...as they serve really natural flavors of ice cream ! My favorite: Tender Coconut.
Rated Every one can vouch for natural ice cream chain. The recently introduced berry variety is nice. Especially cranberry. But the cake is taken away by black grapes which is surprisingly delicious.
Rated Another outlet of naturals India's best ice cream brand. Must say they are the owner of this master piece. You will fall in love with naturals after testing any of their signature flavors. My parsonal favorite is the tender coconut.
Rated Do we really need a review for this one? Best ice creams in Mumbai. And plethora of flavors to choose from. Tender coconut and mango are my all time favourites. They even introduced Shrikhand flavored ice cream as well. Interesting, eh?
Rated Naturals!!! Famous for fruit flavors. This naturals have good amount of space. Indoor as well as outdoor comparative to other naturals. Recommended: Mango, sitphal, tender coconut, muskmelon. Non recommended: Thandai nd some pan flavor
Rated I have been This naturals outlet since childhood, quite spacious The seating is good enough and also air conditioned ,compared to kora kendra branch in which only the ice cream n staff sits in A.C room. Tender coconut and choco chips r the best ones Naturals quality is the one by which u won't get any viral cold but only good taste.
Rated This is my favourite ice cream joint. They serves really nice varieties of ice creams. Tender coconut and sitafal are my favourites. Must recommended
Rated Now this is some evergreen stuff.. Ice creams made here have been one of the favorites since childhood for most of the people.. #mango #sitaphal #choco chip. Can make you feel you're in heaven. :D
Rated Amazing flavours! This outlet is quite spacious as well. Standard taste maintained as the name suggests. Good hangout place for anyone with the sweet tooth. Chocobite and roasted almonds for me is the best.
Rated Been here yesterday, its in the open terrace with the roof top concept, but wasn't hot at all as it was breezy and near the sea.. Ambience is too good but the sitting chair is not comfortably placed. They have appointed many employees, so the service was good and quick. Talking about the food it was average just like any other restaurant... But is highly price may be bcoz of the ambience and place.
Rated Ambience of the restaurant is different ..... U can enjoy the food on the roof top with Royal Feel. Food is tasty. If you are going in group than order Bread basket in which you will get diff types of Breads. Taste is awesone
Rated What can I say... rooftop open to the stars and a cool summer breeze from the Arabian Sea is the perfect setting and that's all. Go there to enjoy the ambience ... service is too slow and the food is just about OK. Don't try any of the fish... too dry and definitely not fresh. Virgin mojito goes well and the tandoori mushrooms are good. Chicken tandoori starters are also cooked dry and chewy. The entrance is definitely not great and with booze missing on the menu it is a bit of a let down given the ambience. Nice family place. Worth the ambience though... have food at Bademiya's close by 😊
Rated Great North Indian cuisine in a fantastic open air roof top garden setting. Pros: -The tandoori prawns were large and cooked nicely in a spicy dressing. The chicken do pyaza was prepared in a nice thick sauce packed with flavour and the garlic naan was light for a naan and not too greasy. - The dining area is set in a roof top garden with views over Colaba and the Arabian sea, which makes for a very pleasant dining atmosphere. - Each table is set under its own curtained frame, giving a sense of secluded privacy. - Excellent service from staff. Cons: - Fairly expensive, but you are paying for the setting
Rated Got fascinated with this place ever since I saw the ambience on Zomato. So, I planned to visit here on Valentines this year with my friends and to our surprise it was way too crowded. Luckily we got a table after few hours and the wait was absolutely worth it. From the ambience to the food, every thing about this place has a great touch of our culture. It's a must visit guys :)
Rated After a long wait, finally been to this place..a nice place in south Mumbai.. The ambiance is perfect, it gives u a perfect view of South Mumbai with cool breeze...reservation is recommended
Rated Koyla is surely synonymous with the word ambience. You get breathtaking view of Arabian Sea,TAJ and skyline of colaba in a single frame. Cool breeze in the evening adds to the aesthetic appeal of this outlet. They do not serve alcohol and have separate seating area for hookah lovers. Food here mainly boasts of Indian and tandoori items. CHEESE KULCHA is the standout dish and unique than any other outlets. NAWABI PANEER Tikka is another veg dish to lookout for. Overall food was sumptuous. In mocktails section, Berry Blast was amazing while lemon grass cooler being the least liked. Most of the ratings goes for the ambience and the location with the rest go for the seating and cheese KULCHA. One of the best romantic places to go in South Bombay if you are hitched. Cheers!!
Rated Best part that makes this resto perfect is all about its ambience.Ambience is just indeed great!Service is also good.Atmosphere of this place makes you feel relaxed.It is the one of best hotels to visit again and again!Food is also too good!This place is oftenly crowded so its better if you do the reservations.Do visit this place!
Rated Amazing... Taste wise and service wise amazing simply amazing... The seating is an issue as there isn't any place to sit there. But the food is a complete value for money. I'd highly recommend the burnt garlic mayo sauce
Rated Well, after hearing a lot of about this place, I came here today! It is surprising that I never knew this place existed on the main road, although I come to phoenix almost 3-4 times in a week. My bad actually! So let me start with it. The person making the rolls, didn't seem like the normal cook you see on roadside outlets. This man was educated, spoke English, knew about the menu and very very well behaved. On asking I can to know that he was the owner. Well, one of the best things about people who are passionate about their work is that they are open to criticism and want to improve. I had the normal chicken roll and I liked it. Although, it could be better. There was a little more sauce than I prefer but that's fine. Taste was good. Will I come here again? Yes. I want to try out the garlic burnt chicken roll because the man himself suggested me that.
Rated Amazingly too good, be it simple rolls to burnt garlic chicken rolls, they are just tempting enough to make you come back again, must try place just opposite to phoenix mall
Rated I was low on cash, was really hungry and wanted to order something. I came across kathi kebab roll and it looked decent and very cheap so ordered 2 rolls. I ordered the chicken burnt garlic mayo roll which was decent. I found it a little sweet. The other one was the kolkatta roll which was spicy. The size of the roll was pretty big and it was very filling. The taste was fine overall. Will have to try some more rolls and see. The bill came to 210 for 2 rolls.
Rated Though this outlet has nothing to offer by way of ambience or comfort, what it does provide is very polite and prompt service and a large variety of potato, paneer, egg and chicken rolls. The recommended rolls also have 'Wow' written beside them on the menu, so you don't have to spend much time pondering over it. The burnt garlic mayonnaise roll was delicious in every bite, and the mayonnaise sauce had a smoothness and a burst of taste that is difficult to come by in a roll. In contrast, the aloo Kolkata roll didn't have too much of taste or smoothness in it, and was a tad too dry. Also, it surely did not justify the use of the name 'Kolkata roll' as rolls in Kolkata are definitely much more delicious than the aloo roll served. While I wouldn't mind trying the other chicken rolls they offer, I would definitely advise them to work on improving their aloo rolls.
Rated Kathi Kabab Rolls is a place that me and my friends accidentally chanced upon while finding our way to the Todi mill compound. We were exceedingly famished and so we finally decided to have a snack at this place before moving on. I ordered a normal chicken roll with egg. Whilst the Frankie was being prepared the kind lady at the counter told me to review them on Zomato! I was quite surprised. This was a first where a small roadside shack had presence on Zomato! We got the order within 5 minutes and it was simply delectable to say the least! The Chicken pieces were plenty and the other sauces/ingredients seemed fresh unlike the other Frankie joints. The chicken was well cooked and tender. The overall hygiene of the place too seemed acceptable. Ratings: Food: 4/5 Ambience: 2/5 Service: 3.5/5 Value for money: 4/5 Overall, KKR impressed me very much. Probably one of the best Frankies in Mumbai. Only downside is the location. Will come back to try other frankies for sure! Cheers :)
Rated After a long time, found a place that sells brilliant rolls. Had the chicken burnt garlic mayo roll and for a change the burnt garlic wasn't on the menu just for fun, one can actually taste the garlic in the roll, something that doesn't happen at other places. Looking forward to visit again and trying new stuff.
Rated It was famaous for rolls. We thought to give a try to it. So we went in evening at this place around 7pm. No crowd at that time. Ordered Chicken Burnt Garlic Mayo rolls it was great.
Rated *Short Review* This place is bang opposite chawpatty and very close to charni road station. This place serves some really amazing shakes, juices and creams. Love their chic choc milkshake. It dense, freezing cold and amazing at taste. If you are a chocokate lover dont missout on this shake. They have some really amazing creams like strawberry cream, mango cream etc. They have good pizzas and sandwichs as well. And the best part about thi place is its open till late night, like usually i visit this place when i go for a night drive or for clubbing. This place is open till 2am aprox on weekends and is hell crowded. It usually takes 1 hr for us to get our order at night. One of the most famous spots of mumbai this place is. Must tryyy place this is!!!
Rated This place is right opposite chowpatty u cn identify with the car queue besides it where so many ppl enjoy their icecreams... we have tried their roased almond and roasted cadbury they have lot of variety and lot of crowd on weekends... their service is nice as they bring it to u and u dont hv to wait in the crowd tats the best part...if u want a late night ice cream u hv to visit here they r open till 2am sumtimes... so nvr miss an icecream at midnight.. with so many flavors nt tried their milkshakes so il recommend it only for ice cream
Rated I think every Bombayite has spent the Entire college times here. Gem of city on very trendy place. Can't miss. Decent food open till late. Park eat move.
Rated Couldn't believe tht Mumbaikars can be so foodie even at midnight 2am until I visited "Bachelorrs".....suggested n as said by my frnds, its actually d best place to visit especially wen pizzas n shakes r calling u late nite.....I seriously had d best pizza ever!!!! Freshly made huge size just perfect to fill ur tummy n heart full....
Rated Bachelorr's truly had the best strawberry cream and sandwich that I have had in a long time! It's astonishing how small roadside joints like bachelorr's can ever be missed by people visiting Mumbai! A must visit place in Mumbai!
Rated This place is fast food joint,over a period of years it's lost it's charm !! Bachelors is known for late nite eat outs ...I have tried their ice creams - any day naturals is better than them Pizza - decent ..lots of varieties but again pricey and not worth Only thing I liked v much is panner tikka starter which they serve hot n spicy it's the only saving grace ! But me travelling from juhu to town for bachelors --no ways !!
Rated One of the most popular food joint on marine drive, which is open till wee hours. Everything is amazing here whether grill sandwiches or ice creams or famous shakes or even pizzas. Whenever we decide to have night out at marine drive, one stop at bachelor's is always must! Will surely recommend it..
Rated Good place with quality Mediterranean food. We tried the chicken shawarma with extra cheese and the garlic hummus. The food was reasonable and tasty. The staff is friendly but the seating space is very cramped and in adequate. The service is quick and doesn't keep you waiting for long hours. As a student, I'd been here many a times because of its pocket friendly prices and prompt food preparation. Ambience: 3/5 Service: 4.5/5 Food: 4/5 Price: 4/5
Rated A good late night place to eat. Very very small place and lot of people just pick parcels. Lucky, if you get a place to sit during weekends!! Had been here after a long time and tried shawarma. All I can say is I was pretty disappointed - undercooked and no taste at all.
Rated Have eaten Shawrma from Maroosh many times but it was the first time I tried their Chicken biryani and Reshmi Kebab....the biryani was very flavourful and the kebabs were soft and juicy. If you are on budget and wanna have yummy food this is the place to go. 500₹ is all u need for 2 people.
Rated Tucked away in the corner or high Street Phoenix and gelato. Offers open sitting and takeaways. The menu is limited but the food is sumptuous. The Indian includes daal, paneer with roti, naan and kulcha. They also have shwarma and rolls. Good for quick meal but had open sitting and expect the food to be high on calorie. Overall the price and taste scores. Would definitely visit again when in Phoenix for a change from other luxury dine ins
Rated This joint of MM!Maroosh at pheonix is more like a road side stall with no ambience to speak of. I usually go to Burger king whenever I am in high street pheonix but this time I headed to Maroosh to try their shawarmas. I called for classic chicken shwarma and chicken bhuna roll.Since the shwarmas were highly priced I expected them to be something different than your regular shwarmas. But to my surprise,they were just like what you get at road side shwarma vendors. No garlic sauce/mayo or pickled beets served alongside.. nothing at all. Chicken bhuna roll was tasty👍
Rated Maroosh is my all time fav joint for shawarma. Good to see that they have come up with variety of shawarma and and new spicy orange sauce. It's always been more of like a take away joint so I usually prefer to order for office and it never disappoints. The main courses like chickentikka masala, mutton curry and the biryani are one of my favs here.
Rated Donno why, but although I don't expect it, whenever I need a quick bite and walk into this place for a shawarma, barbecue or gravy, they surpass my expectations.. So this time, me and my better half enjoyed a late night bite at 11:00 pm in a quiet Phoenix Mills with a lovely breeze and only a few cozy couples lazing about.. The butter chicken and Naan was mouth watering only stopped my my over expanding belt button.. Job well done, I say :))
Rated I tried Maroosh for the first time recently and I was impressed with the taste of its rolls. The service was fast and efficient. However I was not sure how they ensure that the veg food in their kitchen interacts with the non veg food, specially the knifes and other equipments - this might be a concern for some veg people. Also the seating is exactly where people pass by continously and that is a little annoying when you are eating. Food 4/5 Ambience 2/5 Service 4/5 Value for Money 4/5
Rated Falafels are decent. I usually do a an online order with maroosh when I dont want to think about what to eat. Dal and Reshmi parantha are also good for a single person. Have heard the place is much better for non vegetarians. Considering this is a QSR and not a fancy restaurant, they do a good job with whatever small menu they have.
Rated Amazing rolls! The quantity of gravy is pretty less! Its a small joint at phoenix , for handy food or take away quick bite , its a good deal!
Rated Wok express really has to improve its ordering and delivery mechanism. For a wok place to deliver food after 1.5 hours is unacceptable. Placed the order thru Zomato, had ordered the mushroom bao but then got a call later saying that it wasn't available. Now for the food, had ordered a large wok with spicy garlic sauce and an eggplant bao. The food was cold, flat noodles over cooked and stuck together. The sauce was OK but a little oily. The bao was better than the wok, the filling was nice. Overall a bad experience, they need to improve a lot.
Rated Ambience : nothing to rave about, Contrary slightly cramped. Veg wok : yummmmm ;) the spicy coriander sauce is incredible. Wasabi prawns : very avoidable. Lacked taste. Great for home delivery as well.
Rated Oooo yummy and economical for a nice Chinese craving. I ordered a medium box of flat wheat noodles with kung pao sauce with a few different veggies and double the chicken with burnt onions, burnt garlic, crushed peanuts topping. I absolutely loved every bite of it. Good bits-the topping of burnt yummy deliciousness with sooooo much chicken. Loved it!!!! Room for improvement-very less veggies. I'm a meat lover all the way but there always has to be a balance in all the flavours. Overall-good quantity, fast delivery and nicely flavoured goodness in a box. P.S. I honestly was dying for a fortune cookie but I got none (maybe because my order was just for one box-thats bias but anyway.) Very upset because its not only about the fortune in it but I actually genuinely love the cookie as well. Oh and ya the chopsticks were hopeless pieces of paper light wood and can be used for absolutely nothing. I was worried it would snap and ruin my noodles so I just used mine from home.
Rated Nice quirky place to sit. Normal good quality food. Taste is not anything extravagant but descent enough to have. Reco- Kung pao sauce in any noodles & lemon ice tea
Rated Went there today with high expectations after listening about this place from friends,I ordered a large veg wok with flat noodles but all the vegetables were not present, then I ordered the ice cream which was in the menu but not in this outlet then I tried another ice cream after all this I orderd the ice tea which was real good . Talking about the ambience it is very small but looks decent and beautiful .
Rated One of the many places offering customised woks. It is a little over priced for the quality and quantity of the woks. Other items on their menu are good.
Rated Weekend take-away: Reviews (each out of 5) based on Food, Ambiance, Staff/ Service and Suggestions Any! 1- DESSERT (4.5/5):: - After Nine Pastry: EXCELLENT: Inspired by After Eight Chocolate (Mint & Chocolate Blends). After nine has a white mint smooth fondant center that is surrounded by a dark chocolate cake! Gooey & Yummy! - Dutch Truffle: GOOD: The call it the classic chocolate cake!- Quantity wise, they serve medium palm sized square pastries - Chocolate Overload Brownie: VERY GOOD: Crusty outside and gooey inside!! Absolutely yummy! - Oreo Brownie: GOOD: Similar to chocolate overload but with Oreo biscuits filled in it! 2- AMBIANCE (3.5/5):: - Tiny Take away kinda place. I am calling it tiny because there are so many people coming to this place that there was no place to sit! Well, I understand why - It is that yummy! I ordered a take away though :) - Comfortable seating for four available- Located close to the Colaba Market, making it easy for shoppers to drop dead shopping and then before they get hypoglycemic, they can visit this perfect spot to consume some sugar for the body! - Gets too noisy due to overcrowding at times - The preparation and storage area looked clean! 3- STAFF & SERVICE (4.0/5):: - Well behaved, well mannered - Quick Service 4. SUGGESTIONS (3.5/5):: - Seating Arrangements can be worked on so that more people can consume right there instead of taking it away! - I saw certain varieties/options in coffee. How about making some tea too? - Improve the take away packing. The Oreo brownie was crushed because it was packed with the chocolate overload! Goodbye Yet? - Nope!
Rated I am surprised i have not written a review of Theo's so far. I've been visiting Theo's since its first day. I remember the chocolate balls that were all I could afford back then as a student. I loved the mousse cakes and brownies (I hated the banoffee - t'was my dislike for banana not the actual cake in that case). The snacks are a welcome surprise. I'm a sucker for the cream cheese Danish and the chutney bread. Post 9 pm, there is a buy one get one free offer, which is actually a lot to take home. Recently, I've begun to appreciate their sugar free cake, which is perfect for diabetics with a sweet tooth.
Rated Keep going here for desserts time and again and NEVER have the desserts here disappointed me ever! This is a real sweet tooth heaven and a classic example of how sticking to what you do best can really make you a specialist! Their rainbow cake is a beauty, so so pretty and so delicious!! Their brownies are to die for!!! The cupcakes are the best I have ever tasted and their Red velvet deserves a standing ovation. If there is one thing that I do cut points for at this outlet specifically is the sometimes rude man at the cash counter! Take a bow Messman family! This is almost like service to the society! thefoodauror.blogspot.com
Rated Best brownies This was the first store before they became popular and expanded to multiple outlets. (If I'm not mistaken) A box of theobroma brownies was the best gift you could get at that time. The Chocolate overload, millionaire, Oreo and red velvet being one of the best They're dessert being popular as well. The baked Philadelphia cheesecake is yumm. To eat. You must try the 'chip butty'. It's the best thing ever. It's like a burger. Only instead of the patty it comes with fries. Add some eggs and beacon and you'll reach a whole new world of flavour. Definitely should try it
Rated The place is located at the end of the cosway and is a small one (like hardly 3-4 tables for sitting). It serves the BEST brownie that I have ever had. They not only have 1 or 2 but almost 10-12 varieties of brownies. And almost all of them are Amazing! A must try is their Overload and Red velvet.
Rated A delectable array of cakes & confectionaries fresh from the oven. Always thronging with customers & a small rush around the counter. My personal favourite on Causeway though, is Celejor, when value for money is the criteria.
Rated Reaching Theo post 9 pm is like trying your luck to get the best of cakes / pastries / breads / brownies . Buy 1 get one free on most of the bakery stuff and there is rush . Managed to get a mawa cake though which i will have it later but got some Opium Cake (classic geonise filled with chocolate ream) it is yum .. Must have when at theo. Opera was a another one which i got my hands on ... chocolate ganache , coffee , butter cream and almond sponge - amazing . Cheese biscuits - good Biscotti -to be had with chai - good Paneer Chittinand sandwich - very good Theo's is always a great place pre or post dinner or lunch be it any of the branches , they have maintained the standard . Keep it up !! prithvishashar.wordpress.com
Rated Theobroma is located exactly next to MOD. I personally don't like this place but my sister loves the red velvet out here. it seems to me that the red velvet out here abit different in taste ans it's overpriced also. Celejor is a better option i feel.
Rated Drawing inspiration from the streets of Mumbai in each and every essence of the place is a mighty view of sigh. Be it the décor, backside of the uniform or the menu it is just a marvelous compilation of work. One look at the menu and you will have laugh of your life, the interesting manner in which the dishes are named will get make u laugh for a couple of minutes for sure. Coming to food, there are more hits then misses. My top picks would be: (You will know why I said laugh of the life) Tu Cheese Badi Hai Mast Mast: In all literal sense the Cheese was badi mast, crisp cracker topped with cheese bhurji made with varieties of cheese with seasoning. GOOOD! Chitthi Ayi Hai: Panner parcels (chitthi) wrapped in roomali roti served with waldrof salad. Ummmmm DELICIOUS! Garma Garam Pav: Mumbai’s famous masala pav on a sizzling platter served with minute grinned bhaji. It had strong flavor of bhaji masala. If you are a masala pav lover then a must try for you. Cheese Chilli Pakoda: This is our classic bread pakoda with chatni and cheese as a stuffing. The dish is finished with chat masala dusted on the warm pakodas. The Tiffin Box: Before I start this one was FANTASTIC and had high VFM, the tiffin box was again literally a tiffin box (inspired by the dabbawalas of Mumbai). This consisted of spicy Paneer Kadai, Tadkewali Dal, crisp Reshmi Paratha, Jeera Rice, Papad and Salad. This in itself is a meal for two. JUST SUPER! Chole Te Bhatture: Served on a mini cycle is a wonderful sight, the kale chole deliciously prepared served with warm bhatture will make you relive a memory of good chole. Paan Pasand: The best drink on the menu. Refreshing! With strong flavor of Paan and minute pieces of gulkand makes it a wonderful drink. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED Jalebi Bai: Jalebi sandwich stuffed with kesar and pistachio flavoured cream cheese, topped with dryfruit fudge. JUST GREAT. Things I didn’t enjoy much: B2B – Bombay meets Bangkok Say Cheeze Shanghai Knights and Chinatown Pizza – Pizza’s are a strict no for this place. Chocolate Thali – Way too hyped, there is nothing extraordinary about this only the sheer variety. The thali consist of chocolate khakhara, Shrikhand, Fudge, Balls, Lollipop, Mousse and Dip. So my end take on this place is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. Go enjoy the great flavours and the Mumbai touch. fooodgalli.wordpress.com
Rated No one wants to eat plain boring food nowadays. We want twists to normal food, fusions, combinations never heard before and we are always looking for something new.New, which is pleasing to the eyes as well as taste buds. Enter- Desiklub. A venture from the owners of Quattros, this place gives your normal desi food a modern twist. A pure vegetarian place situated at the tip of Mumbai, the interiors are quite ‘Bambaiya’. But actually the songs that are played here give you the feels.90’s tracks playing give you major nostalgia and quite frankly, I loved it.Tu cheez badi hai mast mast over Taylor Swift, any day ;) The mood was set right with the songs on a Sunday afternoon.One look in the menu, and I was amused. Not only is their song selection unique, their menu is also one of its kind. Hot as hell outside, we started with ICE CREAM SODAS. Both looked pretty as a picture.The MANGO DUET was such a delight! With a mango lolly, it made the inner child in me so happy.LITCHI ROSE with a lollipop and ice cream became extra sweet. The litchi flavor was minimal and not the best drink to try out here. With these, we ordered HEALTH BHI, TASTE BHI, which was a sprouts based chaat.An edible potato basket covering a chaat which was- sprouts, tangy yogurt, pomegranate, onion and sev.If not great, this was certainly a good start to our meal. It was quite healthy with minimal fats with loads of sprouts. Health freaks- here you go! Next what we had, I ordered purely on the basis of the name. How many times do you see menu and read a dish called – ‘TU CHEESE BADI HAI MAST MAST’?Instant order of this by yours truly.As the name suggests, it was a bhurji made with 2-3 types of cheese on top of a cheese cracker. You call this ‘cheesy’😛Too much cheese. Had their been some chutney served with it, I guess it would have been better. Next came, a not so healthy Samosa chaat called ‘TASTE KA KUAN’. An edible basket filled with samosa chaat. A little spicy to my taste, but nonetheless, it was chaat❤With samosa, yogurt, chaat fillings and lots of sev.Fit for at least 2-3 people, this could be your pick in the appetizers. In between, I ordered, what came as a recommendation from the staff- MASALA SOYSO.As a child, ever had this drink called- Mirchina? So basically cold drink that got a touch a masala. Better off a digestion drink than a between meals drink. But, let me tell you, it was refreshing as hell!It was served in a skull shaped vessel. Creepy, but when content is good, who cares? Now comes the dish which combines my two loves- Pizza and Pav bhaji.The PAV BHAJI PIZZA here was superb! With pizza base topped with generous amount of pav bhaji and topped with cheese ( they didn’t shy away by adding truck load of cheese)Before serving, sprinkled some finely chopped onions and there you have. Definitely a winner! Next dish came cycling in, literally!The CHOLE TE BHATURE was served in quite a unique way. Loved the presentation! Mini Bhaturas in the back seat, chole in the carry on and main seat given to vinegar soaked onions.Now being a Jain- Punjabi, I’ve had the most authentic Chole, and these were more on the taste of ‘Bambaiya Chole’ . And I wasn’t convinced on the price point of this particular dish. THE TIFFIN BOX was a unanimous choice as the next dish. They brought a huge ass tiffin box on the table. It opened up to Paneer sabji, Tadka dal, rice, Roomali roti ( you are given a choice of bread when you order) papad, yogurt based salad and onions.We loved the dal and paneer sabji ( I loved the dal more) Perfect for one person. I have no complains with this one. Finally after devouring all this, we made our way to the last course of the meal, DESSERTS! First came – Triple layered dessert.Lauki ka halwaCream cheeseBoondi Looked somewhat like an Indian flag and very pleasing to the eyes. But was it pleasing to the taste buds? Not actually. Too sweet and the together did not create any magic. Lauki ka Halwa individually was better than the other two layers. The last but not the least of ALASKAN DELIGHT, which was a cookie dough ice-cream sandwich.Ice cream sandwiched between choco chip cookie dough, covered with chocolate and sprinkles. One word- DELIGHTFUL!Loved every bite of this heavenly dessert, and I would suggest you to try this apart the Chocolate Thali. If you are a vegetarian and love twist in your food, Desiklub could be your pick.And don’t forget to groove on the music played here. Real stress buster :D Happy eating :)
Rated A very interesting place with fantastic fusion of Desiklub Street food and international twist. Very high on presentation- that is the highlights of this place. Decor gives glimpse of vintage Bombay. On the foods - right from drinks, starters, appetizers, main course and desserts - everything was pretty impressive. We tried as many items as possible - few of them - Jeera Masala, Ganna-Pineapple, Bubblegum, Ginger spice and Mango duet - every drink was pretty good. Starters name pretty impressive and taste equally good. Main course - Bombay style Pulao, Garma Garam Masala Pav, Pizza, Chole Bhature were very tasty indeed. Sizzling Brownie with two sauces also had some twist. Overall nice experience and good service from Harshad and Navin of the restaurant.
Rated A new offering from the group that has served awesome All - Veg food through Quattro, Spice Klub and The Rolling Pin, had us all charged up. The word 'Chat' (Indian Street Food) itself gets us all excited, and knowing how good they are with fusion, we reached there after reserving a table. After settling down on our respective chairs within this quite a casual..exuberant space, we were ready to order some hatke (hindi for unusal) drinks. Before we go ahead, just to inform you, the only alcohol they serve here is beer..since chakna (snacks / ) & chat goes very well with beer. We chose to go Shareef (by that we mean Non-Alcoholic) that day so chose Pineapple Ganna, Pista Kesari Badam and Pan Pasand Ice Cream Soda and Bubblegum Energy Drink. Although they tasted awesome especially Bubblegum Energy Drink, Pan Pasand Float and Pista Kesari Badam, they were way too sweet then needed. For starters we ordered Mathiya Tacos, Papad Bhel and Dab-elly (Dabeli). As against our doubt Mathiya Tacos were not at all sweet and superbly tasty. Hit with all of us. Dabeli was perfectly yummy. Both of these dishes were noteworthy and Delicious. Papad Bhel was as good as any other Bhel but way too spicy for people who enjoy spicy food. By then we were already full as their portions are quite big so we chose to order only one main course, which was Do Dil Mil Rahein hai with an instruction to not make it spicy. As soon as we had eaten the first bite of this unusual dish we were extremely happy. Perfectly cooked and exceptionally tasty. Knowing how sweet their drinks were, we were skeptical of ordering Desserts but took the courage of ordering Jalebi Bai and Brownie with hot chocolate and caramel sauce. Bloody hell! Both the desserts were sinful...yummy and perfectly tasty. A perfect end to a perfect meal. Mango Mousse between the Jalebis and the perfectly sweet caramel sauce in the Brownie were the hero of their respective dishes. Hospitality is Top-Notch. There is nothing to complain about when it comes to service. Definitely returning to try other Unusual stuff very soon. P.S. - A place to binge on Indian Street Food with-a-twist for all those, including foreigners, with sensitive tummy.
Rated ABOUT THE PLACE DesiKlub - An all vegetarian offering from the stable of Quattro, SpiceKlub and Rolling pin, and the impressive pedigree made sure my expectations were quite high. More so, as the concept of this place looks to bring the universally loved street food to a fine dine (sort of) space, accompanied by a twist. Playing with streetfood is always fraught with danger. These are the tastes most of us have grown up and have strong associations with. The street food vendors are artists in their own right, and replicating the taste is an almighty challenge. Did the outlet live upto its positioning. Short Answer – NO. Read on to find out why . AMBIANCE & SERVICE The place is interestingly done up. Funky interiors with a view to mimic an actual street setting, with walls adorned with full sized posters of Mumbai streets with the legendary Kaali Peeli, a car bonnet at one end etc. The chairs we sat on had names of famous Mumbai railway stations and streets on the back, to create an informal feel. So far, so good. The service too, was reasonably good. The serving staff was prompt, and considering we were an office group of about 15 people, they were quite attentive to individual needs and queries. DRINKS 1. Pista Kesari Badam – Served in a kulhad, an ok drink, although the aroma clearly gave away the fact that the flavoring was artificial . 2. Ginger Spice Cooler – Did not like it personally, as the flavor of ginger was brought about using a concentrate, hence didn’t taste fresh. The others liked it though . FOOD This is what everything in a restaurant boils down to – The Grub on offer. Suffice to say, the experience was abysmal and left a lot to be desired STARTERS 1. Chitti Aayi Hai – The phrase is famous for a sad but patriotic Pankaj Udhas song. Sadness was my exact feeling after having this dish. The dish is basically spiced paneer, wrapped in a romaali roti and served with a Waldorf Salad (?) on top. For a Punjabi, paneer equals a melt in mouth feeling, but this was one stodgy and stale paneer, with an extremely sad and greasy exterior. The waldorf salad tasted basically of mayo and nothing else and added nothing to the dish. 2. Paneer Roller Coaster – A take on a classic bread roll. A spiced paneer, onion, coriander filling, encased within deep fried bread, served with a spicy mayo. The filling completely lacked taste and as in the case of the previous dish, the paneer was chewy. Bread rolls work only because the succulent filling complements the crunch well, this one was a disaster. Maybe I can take solace from the fact that the extremely oily rolls were probably good for my hands  3. Cocktail Fries – Good fries = Crisp, well cooked on the inside, fried to perfection Bad Fries = Soggy, limp mess – Which is exactly what was served to us There was no pineapple in the mayo, though the apple chutney was interesting and good. 4. Khichiya Papad This one really drove me up the wall. I have such amazing memories of stunning Khichiya Masala papad, which used to be served outside Andheri (West) station. Was my regular evening snack and when I see this being messed up with, it just gets me mad. A good Khichiya has a nice crunch to it, and is thicker than the regular papad. The trick is to roast it well enough for it to crumble nicely, but this was an unmitigated disaster. Extremely thick and hard to break down, with a combination of toppings that didn’t really work because of the lack of seasoning. You just can’t expect to grate cheese on top like the street vendors do, and get away with things. What lies beneath the cheese is more important. MAINS 1. Baked Vada Pav – Small Pav stuffed with a potato masala, served with garlic powdered chutney and chips. The chips were the best part about this dish. The whole dish was way too dry and the stuffing lacked the flavor and punch that roadside eateries get. Maybe they could take lessons from Ashok (Kirti College) on how to get the crunch in a Vada Pav, rather than simply serve up some chips. 2. Chole Te Bhature – Chole Bhature is not just a dish for me, it’s a childhood memory. Having had numerous plates of this dish from every possible nook and corner of Delhi, I was fearing the worst when a colleague ordered this, given the experience with the starters. The fears were not unfounded. Rancid, absolutely rancid Chole served with chewy bhaturas, and this dish was a complete nightmare. I could not get past one morsel. The presentation though, did remind me that a cycle waalah serving Chole Bhature would definitely dish out better fare than this. 3. Manchurian Pizza – I and only I am to be blamed for even ordering this. Terrible, underdone and stodgy crust, with a topping that tastes worse than it looks in the click. 4. Dhabe ki Peshkash – Aloo Paratha served with Chole This was essentially a Aloo and anardana paratha, served with the now familiar & rancid chole, curd, pickle and that huge dollop of white butter than you see on top! Absolutely abysmal paratha, completely dry with a sub-par filling. If this is a paratha, all the Punjbai grandmoms would probably sue this place, and Amrik Sukhdev would shut shop looking at the horror of it all ! 5. Hum Saath Saath Hain – A decent dish finally, street type noodles with chilli paneer. The noodles were good, while the paneer, although not soft, had a reasonably good taste. Not something I’d strongly recommend though 6. Tawa Pulao with some sort of a papad, vegetables and cheese – Not sure of the menu name of this dish, but lacked the authentic taste of the tawa pulao, and there was too much of papad dominating the whole dish. The cheese never belonged there and in my opinion, took away the little that was going for the dish DESSERTS 1. Jalebi Bai – This was a much talked about, much instagrammed dessert. So a kesar mousse is sandwiched between a couple of jalebis, topped off with some dry fruits. The whole thing is frozen, presumably a batch made in the morning and kept in the chiller and then served as the orders arrive. Innovation is always good, but a sour Jalebi isn’t. Crispy is what a good jalebi is. A smooth mousse is good, a grainy one isn’t. A juicy, gooey from the inside, Jalebi is good, cold, crystalized sugar in your mouth isn’t. 2. Some Kulfi on a stick, with a chocolate twist – Was ok, nothing like a good creamy kulfi though. Just had a bite of this, as my taste buds had long left for the day. OVERALL VIEW Innovation in food has probably reached a level where things are done just for the sake of it, whether it adds anything to the dish or not. My experience at this outlet was a stark reminder of the same. You can play around with any cuisine, but the underlying rule is not to tamper with the ethos and the taste. Desiklub for me commits that cardinal sin and unless they learn from it, street vendors outside Maker Chambers at Nariman point aren’t going to lose any sleep.
Rated Interesting! The minute you enter the place you cannot stop noticing the funky interiors. Each and everything is so perfectly placed that it creates a cool aura around. To match the interiors is the Bollywood music from 90's. You cannot get bored here. Coming to food, the fusion is a party for taste buds. You just cannot go wrong with pavbhaji noodles and desi version of chillas as tacos. Good flavours, decent quantity and a cool experience. This one surely gets a thumbs up.
Rated Good place for some different taste of food, they do good manipulation in making meals....good interior....I liked the place, visited with my family, rates are bit high in comparison to the food...,
Rated DesiKlub is part of the Out of The Box eateries in South Mumbai... Located in Maker Chambers V, Nariman Point. Their food is good not outstanding. A lot of effort is put in bringing you an experience of Street Food in a Restaurant..Full marks to them. Ordered Amerika Magherita & All Veggies Pizza, Size is Medium 8 inch priced at 225/- each.. Not much toppings to be true...! Masala Macaroni which is pasta in Makhanwala gravy with cheese, small portion but good taste.. Samosa Pav was yummy as well Lemon tea was chilled and zingy..! Chocolate Thali is a novelty for the Sweet tooth.. Their bill is served in a Traditional Iron..' Worth visiting with a group of friends, in order, to experiment with their dishes. They need to improve on quantity for sure as their service charge is a Whopping 10% to cover the Nariman Point rentals probably..!
Rated Awesome place for the highest quality and most innovative snacks. Almost every snack served here is great. A high-quality, hygienic snack food alternative to unhygienic street food. Main meals are just okay, nothing great, more on the spicy side as the name goes.
Rated The place is different and unique. The food is decent. Called for a lot of different things, all of these were good. The place has a lot of creativity, with the food as well as the ambience. It's a whole new concept of dining, from the food right to when you clear the Cheque, everything is different and fantastically done.
Rated Innovative desserts, new twisty food, i found rolling pin to be one of an innovative cafe especially when it comes to dessert. Try out pavbhaji pizza and you can try out any desserts all are good.
Rated You will go there for yummy VEG ONLY desserts especially chocolate ones and American fast food The chocolate marble waffle with Nutella was quite nice but honestly at almost the same price Haagen Dazs and Di Bella are better for waffles. Food: 4/5 Ambience: 4/5 Service: 3/5
Rated Dessert Heaven in Mumbai!! It had been in my must-visit-soon places for quite some time. Tried the Dark Roast Ice coffee. It was a normal cold coffee in a fancy jar. Nothing about it was dark or roasty. The coffee was too watery. Not milky... Plain water cold coffee. Sad. But the Chocolate mousse stick was heavenly. It wasn't there on counter but the amicable manager had it made for us in 20mins. It was worth the wait. Costing wise it's bit on expensive side. Service is good.
Rated Went to this place when me and my friend were quite hungry. We ordered the perfect double cheese burger, Grilled pepper crusted cottage cheese Sizzler and bullet nuggets. The burger order was goofed up and the server got me a mushroom burger instead. They changed it to the double cheese burger. The name of the burger and the taste are misleading. It doesn't come close to the perfect burgers that I've had. The sizzler was nice and filling. Though the service is good, they are not attentive and expressive while serving food. Later at the dessert counter I ordered for the mango cheese cake. It wasn't the best that I've had. The texture wasn't the best one. I like when the cheese starts melting into your mouth. I might visit this place again. But I am not asking for recommendations from the manager, I would rather trust reviews and feedback on social sites.
Rated Well, the first thing that you notice after entering this place is its European styled interiors. The desserts display is very tempting and it makes sure you eat at least one. We had hazelnut mouse pastry and chocolate mouse candy. Both were class apart. Then we had cream cheese bagel which was average. Bagel was not fresh and was very hard and chewy. Cream cheese on the top of that was good. Moreover, fries accompanying bagel were too salty. Quinoa coffee mousse shake is what we ordered next. It was average in taste. So overall, a must try but only for desserts.
Rated The Rolling Pin is a funky restaurant serving pure vegetarian Mediterranean and Italian cuisine and a range of funky desserts. Their collection of desserts brings the child out of me. They have got chocolate lollipops, chocolate sandals, chocolate lipstick, chocolate slabs, macarons, chocolate mousse on a stick and a very enormous collection of breads. I haven't tried their savoury items as yet and I'm looking forward to tasting them and posting a review soon enough. The service, exorcist for takeaways, is extremely slow given that had requested the staff weight hours in advance to keep and ice pack ready for my parcel dessert and still it took them well near half an hour when I had been there to collect it. Also, the cost awkward too low but there are huge taxes on it. It would do good if they could put up prices inclusive of taxes. Food: 4/5 Ambience: 4/5 Service: 3/5 Price: 3/5
Rated I ordered a Ferro rocher chocolate cake and a Choco Ring Donut from the rolling pin through scootsy. The food items were delivered in an hour. The donut was not warmed up. It was ice cold so naturally I didnt like it. But I like the donut bun and the choco cream. The pastry was really heavens. The cream and cake was really good.
Rated This place is a heaven for pastry n cake lovers.. U ll find all the flavors that suits ua taste buds.. Located in a very prime area. Its pretty easy to find it.. Sitting arrangements are good however pple prefer takeaway here.. Worth a visit
Rated A sucker for Fries and Cheese like me? This is the place to be. Favorites? J in the Jungle and Sausage Fries. Savor it with a glass of ice tea and you're sorted. Three Steps to Cheese heaven: 1. Pick up your favourite Fries and a glass of Ice Team 2. Take a cab to Marine Drive 3. Sit there, Eat and Enjoy. For all you Fries-lovers, go visit this one for sure.
Rated This place redefined the meaning of street fokd for me... Crazy creations and what a lively place. The best items on the menu are cheese chilli fries and red velvet shake or even snickers shake. They use different sauces like salsa mayo cheese etc and mix them in fries to just hit the right spots on your tastebuds. The music is always amazing.
Rated The J is a tiny outlet in a building compound near HR college famous for its varities of fries. The place is a bit difficult to find but its worth finding. The fries out here are superb in taste. Loved the pizza fries .... yummy n cheesy.
Rated I tried out their chilli cheese fries with extra chilli at the itsy bitsy food fest at lower parel... They were the best fries ever.... They make just the perfect combinations... And they provide a good variety to choose from... The quality and quantity both are great... All in all great value for money
Rated All those gaga over potatoes would go insane trying out fries and wedges here. I am so much in love with this joint. The menu is every potato lover's dream come true. Oh my God! Just so yummy! 😵
Rated Never been so fond of French fries.. Not a French fries lover.. But this place can't get over it.. Visited thrice within 15 days.. Like travelling from suburb to town just for the sake of French Fries.. But these assorted fries are worth drollin and mouth watering.. I simply have Pizza Fries and Chilli Cheese Fries.. God.. Its true tempting.. Must go place for all junk food lovers..
Rated The best place i have ever been to. Heard alot about it frm my frnds n finnaly i went over here and tried some crazyyy food. The fries are just awesome there are soo mang varieties in it i soo i wish i had tasted everything. But yes i will some day. The shakes are also soo yummy especially the red velvet. The price is so cheap that we almost tasted many things. Price 5/5 Taste 5/5
Rated Status is located in the town side of Mumbai and usually it is crowded so i would say to book a table or go after the peak hours. The infrastructure is well built, nice and comfortable. They use eucalyptus extracts as a room freshener which works well. For the food, I will say that it is the second best option to have food after the home cooked food for the people in that area. I went there with my colleagues during lunch hours and had Gujarati Thali there like everybody else. A thali served with 4 vegetables of palak paneer, coconut potato sabzi, malai meethi mutter and little gourd. Coconut potato was a surprise and others were good as well. A Gujarati dal is what everyone will savour. Being lucky, we were severed with Aam ras as a sweet dish although it was limited to just one serving. I also loved the sweet kadhi along with rice or khichdi and then goes the buttermilk in the end to beat the heat. Although a little expensive, it is for for the tongue as well as the tummy. Even the staff is well managed by the manager. So everything is worth it ! You should consider having lunch here if you happen to be in this area.
Rated All time favourite dining. One of the best place which is more of family - kind of dining. Serves only vegetarian food which is delicious. One should really try mini pav bhaji, onion rings and cheese corn toast. Service is lightning. Food - 8.5/10 Service - 8/10 Ambience - 6/10 Pricing - 7/10
Rated Most crowded on weekends as its one of the famous place for vegetarians to hog. The food here is a bit sweet which is something i dont favour. The ambience is fine. The staff is too arrogant I wouldn't recommend this place.
Rated Extremely overcrowded on weekends obviously because of the Status it holds among vegetarians.. After a waiting time of around 45 minutes we finally got a table.. Ordered a Gujarati thali and the food was excellent.. Must say not all the dishes lived up to the expectations but majority of them were delicious. Must try their desserts like aam ka ras and gulab jamun.. All in all a nice place...
Rated A most go to for every vegetarian I love the hara bhara kebab This is the fastest serving restaurant The food is always fresh The lassi is worth trying out!
Rated Food is Ok.. When u order full thali u also expecting Good personalise service..this place is somewhat tired for servicing.They also find difficult to distinguish different between Jain and Normal Food.taste is Just ok ..Gujarati People don't eat such sweet food as they are preparing ..Ala Cart order is far better choice to order here than Thali.. Masala Chas along with thali and khandvi and khichadi is very Good..
Rated This is a vintage place for all foodies, one could say it is one of the oldest fine dining places in Mumbai. Divided in two parts, one serves quick south Indian / fast food and the other part serves authentic Mumbai version of punjabi food. In the fast food section, the Reshmi paratha with kurma and Mysore Sada Dosa are lip smacking, and there is no item on the menu you can go wrong with, take your own pick as per your preference. Coming to the Punjabi section, Corn On Toast, Paneer Tikka, Hara bhara kabab, Capsicum Rings, Tomato Soup, Corn Soup are renowned starters / soups. Paneer Lazeez is their chef special and must have main course vegetable. They have now started serving desserts as well from Spesso which is their premium fine dining arm. That pretty much makes this restaurant complete in all senses.
Rated Truly a great North Indian delight for pure vegetarians.The place can accommodate a large number of people at one go and the service n the food is superb.I tried a couple of paneer dishes n kali daal with butter dipped garlic naan and it was really delicious!The place gives a proper feel to cut away with all your work and just focus on food.During lunch hours the place is jam packed .One should definitely go here if looking for them Desi ghee authentic north indian food as its really economical! P.S.don't forget to try the paan outside the restaurant.
Rated Fish n chips burger - Good. Smoke House - Great. VIP Shroom - Game Changer. Burgers are known to be the USP of this tiny but awesome place in Breach candy! But surprisingly the coke float was delicious and the Cheese Chicken Canapes (served by the outlet next to it) YUM! Great great great place and totally well-priced ! Go for hogging in the evenings!
Rated An amazing place to satisfy your burger cravings. First it satisfies your eyes by watching the sight of the burger with all its sauces dripping out & then your taste buds after munching it. Still the godfather burger will first make you wait thinking about how to eat it ,considering it's size. Tried the big daddy burger,which was really tasty & have uploaded it's photo. Mona Lisa was also good. The ambience gives you a cafe kinda feeling. The service could be bit better but you never mind after tasting your burger. So, what else do you need ?
Rated This has been our (friends) regular haunt for some good conversations, coffee and food! (Specially the burgers) would definitely be one of the few good places left on the Breach Candy/napean sea road belt. Keep up the good work guys.
Rated Howra If you are a fan of burgers and you haven't been to this place you are definitely missing out on the most amazing burger joint in Mumbai On the main road of breach Candy rite next to Tata garden It's a very busy place and if u go not only Saturday /Sunday any time of the week in the evening you r gonna get crowd They have some amazing variety for the meet lovers and you should ask the staff I called for the crunch factor don't forget to ask them to make it with the sauce fries I can't describe the burger you have to try it to get that amazing feeling Next we called for the deep fried oreos that dish is heaven and I don't think you get it any where else you could not ask for a better dessert than this Thank you howra team loved the food
Rated This place was suggested by friend for their burgers So i decided to celebrate my birthday over here The ambience of this place is ok No air-conditioning just normal tables and chairs under a roof I tried one of their titan burgers which are popular here i went with big daddy which is chicken burger or .mostly rest all are mutton The burger was huge and freshly made no doubt But the taste was average and nothing different then other burger joints whose price is half Of it Undoubtedly the place is overpriced 400₹ for one avg tasting burger naah not worth But thumsup for the staff and service 😊 Cheers
Rated One of the best burgers in town. Size: humongous for one person with an average appetite. Preparation: this lovely tangy sauce made the burger for me. It had a Bacon touch to it. Multiple juicy chicken patties and super fresh buns. The seating is outdoor and very college like. No cards for payment.
Rated This place is made in a Vintage way, dim lights and the ambiance is really good to have a very good relaxing time. Its a cafe where you can sit alone and spend time on your creativity. Food here is decent, I recommend, 1. Red velvet shake, 2. Ginger lemon (highly recommended), 3. Bombay masala pizza and 4. BBQ paneer pizza, The service is also decent.
Rated I didn't like the place at all ... Even. I found it expensive .. Even service is not at all gud .. Even they hve not maintained the cafe .. As expected by name .. It didnt seems too be gr8 ... I hope they should improve a lot ..
Rated This cute little Cafe in elphinston took us by surprise. It's known for the burgers and pizzas offered, so we were quite excited to visit this place. We went ahead and placed our order for the Juicy Lucy Burger, Peri Peri Chicken Burger, Mexicana And BBQ Chicken Pizza. The Juicy Lucy Burger, true to its name, was a delight. The Chicken Patty was tender and juicy with a nice crisp outer covering. Unlike many other burgers, it's bun was soft and buttery. One bite of the burger and we were lost in its taste. The Peri Peri Burger is on the crispier side with a little spice; add extra cheese and it would do the trick. BBQ Chicken and Mexican pizza were tastefully made with thin crispy base. In drinks we ordered Kitkat Shake, Red Velvet Shake and Ginger Lemon. The shakes were thick and delicious. Special mention to the must try Kitkat Shake ❤ Overall Experience: Absolutely loved the place.
Rated A really nice restaurant located near the Matterden theatre at lower parel. The ambience is quite pleasing and good use of décor and colors. The staff is very courteous and helpful with the food selection. On with the food I had a lovely veg Pattie burger with an accompaniment of French fries and mustard. I also ordered a side dish of onion rings with the same. The taste of the burger was near perfect. Excellent "Buns" fresh veggies and well prepared. The burger held itself together quite well till the last bite. Even basic ingredients such as tomatoes and onions were fresh and crisp. I also indulged further with a Kit Kat shake which was again fantastic. The menu has a huge spread and will please meat as well as veggie lovers alike. Since my office is close by this will be a regular affair. Fantastico.
Rated A really cosy cafe with an amazing continental European spread and a delightful ambience ! The staff is also extremely humble and the food - really really tasty and reasonably priced. They also have a concept of half portions which is really good !
Rated Food is very average. Service is also not that great. It has a good location. If some efforts are made, this could be happening place. Till then, not a great choice.
Rated One new cafe in lower Parel which you will love exploring. Specially known for their burgers, their pizzas are equally crispy , tasty, with thinner crust. Ambience is nice and the decor is appealing. The servers are also well mannered & explain you nicely about their specialities. They also have Chinese menu and the rates are reasonable. It's pretty good considering that there are really few places in lower Parel which are not overpriced.This place has a potential to give you a good time with your friends. I dunno the reason for such a name but anyways if you serve good food then who cares about the name right ? Food : 4/5 Service :4/5 Ambience :4/5 Table availability : usually available
Rated Cafe Free India sounds very much like a battle cry for Freedom from colonial forces. Or perhaps it represents the Free India after that. I would agree with the latter looking at the continental menu. Cafe Free India, which started as a nondescript eatery many years ago has become a popular spot for office goers and students alike. Its burgers in particular are well known throughout the city. But I was not here for that. There was a pizza festival going on(And will continue till 7th March, 2016) and it would be quite a ... Read full post on grubzone.blogspot.com
Rated This is a small cafe situated in a totally "not-so-happening" locality of Lower Parel surrounded by plenty of offices and companies. Curious to know why the name and also to try their burger that so many people were raving about, I ended up here with a friend on a weekday evening. Juicy Lucy Chicken Burger - 3.5/5 Served in a beautiful yellow basket with some french fries, this one was a burger stuffed with a thick crumb fried chicken patty with oodles of cheddar and Swiss cheese, making it oh-so crunchy and delicious! But I must admit that I have had larger and more humongous burgers at the same price in many other burger serving places. (INR 275) Red Velvet Shake - 4.5/5 A thick and yummilicious milkshake served with red velvet cake bits on top! Simply WOW! This is the thing I'll be back here for, time and again! (INR 190) SERVICE: Service is kinda laid back and negligent; quite contrasting to that fact, the attendants do attend you with a smile. To sum it up, they need to work more on their hospitality. VERDICT: Food quality/quantity - 3.5/5 Ambiance - 3.5/5 Service - 3/5 VFM - 3/5 snehanvg.wordpress.com
Rated I am quite surprised looking at all the wonderful reviews as I had been there with my friends on a weekend and had the worst food ever. The pasta we ordered was just pasta in tomato puree which was not at all worth the price, the pizza was also not good. The only thing I liked here was the Kiwi juice. Service and ambience were good. But worst experience for my taste buds!
Rated It's a restaurant with really high ceilings. Good ambience with a corporate restaurant feel. As soon as you step in you know this is a chain place. It has that kind of feel. Good service though impersonal. We started off with tortilla soup which is pretty good. The quinoa salad with rocket leaves almond lettuce was very good. So was the chipotale flat bread which was nice and crisp and also spicy. It was really tasty. For main course we ordered a wheat based tostado which is a wheat base with kidney beans on it topped with cheese, tortilla and lettuce. Yummy. All the food I ate here was very good though it takes a while to arrive.
Rated This place is the following : - Food : Awesome - Crowd : Posh - Location : Awesome - Service : Good - Hygiene : Very Clean This place is good and highly recommended by me
Rated Sunday dinner made right. Pizzas unite people, always and this was the last pizza place in Mumbai left out. I regret keeping it for the last. Items I ordered : Fried Mac and Cheese. Crispy Potatoes. Peri Peri Pizza. Cheese Garlic Bread. Malta and Tropical coolers. Amazing food. Just can't get over how good the fried Mac 'N' Cheese was. The staff acts as a good helping hand when it comes to choosing the correct dish which suits your taste. Low lit restaurants are in trend these days. Had a great time. Thank you CPK staff. I would say - Worth a Dinner. Enjoy your meal folks.
Rated Food here was fine, though it is a little on the expensive side. Their drinks menu needs to be expanded, especially the wines. Will recommend.
Rated One of the Best Veg pizzas in Mumbai! Black Bean Quesadilla and Albuquerque Pizza was our choice this time and didn't disappoint. Mocktails are great, Summer Breeze and Cucumber cocktail. Best Tiramisu in the world, must eat every visit !
Rated For a change, tried a vegetarian pizza and I think it was a bad idea. Despite of us specifically asking for regular, hand tossed crust, they gave us thin crust pizza. When the actual order arrived, the pizza was average, nothing great as such. The ambience was good, the music was peppy too. At the time of billing, we had to ask multiple times for the card swiping machine.. Overall it was a decent experience, but was expecting more from Cpk! Maybe next time :)
Rated This place is highly underrated. They have the best pizza's in town, hands down. And even their salads are wholesome delicious meals. To top it up, their fried wontons and desserts just seal the deal. This isn't just another pizza place, it's definitely a fine-dine version of a pizza/pasta meal and the food taste is always consistent. I would highly recommend CPK, the price is every bit worth the quality and taste. Yummy in my tummy :)
Rated The Thai crunchy salad was simply superb.. Ordered both the veg and the non veg versions.Tried the combo platter which was a let down.The pizzas. .are very good too.. Tried the orange mojito. .again worth it.. Nice place..good vibe..good food.. Repeat value too
Rated Finally we reach this place !! The much talked about Punjabi (Amritsari) cuisine !! Sunday it is & place was packed !! They don't take bookings , hence , waiting !! The ambience takes you for a virtual trip in the lanes of Amritsar !! Colourful decor !! Dhol te Parandiyaan welcome you at the entrance !! Staff is friendly & patient (as the crowd pours in) !! Orders are taken with smile !! Quick service !! Food : Paneer Tikka Masala - very well made. Marination was just perfect !! Mushroom in melted cheese - good !! Khatte meethi aloo chaat - delicious. Very well made with little tangy flavour & right spice !! Lasooni Paneer - super !! Dahi ke kebab - deep fried but good !! Amritsari masala papad - good !! Food is accompanied with : Onions Green Chutney - mixed with curd !! Yummy !! Chillies & Carrots pickle - spiciest spicy !! Desi onion salsa - tangy mix !! Superb !! Mains : Palak Paneer - Perfect !! Paneer was soft & the gravy was very well made. Cheese garlic naan - Perfect !! Very well presented. Covered with spices. Must Have !! Kake Da Naan - Must Have !! A bigger version of laccha paratha. The layers of this Naan were perfectly pulling apart. Aloo cheese parathas - delucious !! Served with dal makhni & curd. Paneer biryani - Perfect !! Big pieces of Paneer are hidden in this rice preparation. Very inviting aromas of the perfectly blended spices. Dal makhni - Perfect !! Spicy with a distict flavour but lack the creaminess !! Must Have !! Shikanji - superb !! Meethi lassi - Must Have !! Very creamy and it just gives you a sweet high !! Dryfruit lassi - Must Have !! Loaded with good calories !! It's a treat for all the north Indian food lovers , who like to have their food " Thoda Makhan Marke " !! Team O. K. - Dil Khush Kar Ditta !!
Rated Visited this place on a hot sunday afternoon and there was a waiting time of 15-20 mins. The waiting area is opposite the hotel where they have put out 8-9 plastic chairs which was already occupied. Post getting a table we had to wait for 10 mins before someone got us the menu. And then another 10 to take the order. The interior of this place reminds one of urban tadka but is kinda small and quaint. The order came after what seems like an eternity. We had ordered onion kulcha which came with a bowl of chole. The combination was really good and not at all spicy. Then came our paneer biryani with raita. The biryani was good but it wasn't great as such. Unfortunately my fresh lime never came and the waiter had to be reminded. The dessert options are few but loved the rabdi kulfi. Rating it a 2.5 coz food ain't dat different from other north Indian restaurants, it doesn't remind one of Punjab and service is really slow and uncoordinated.
Rated Visited here today!The food is too good 😍 totally loved the food. The ambience,service is ok! Not that great! But if you're a food lover you should must visit this place! Everything we ordered was in Jain.😊 We had naanizza & papadi shot in starters which was good. Then we had paneer tikka masala which was the by far best paneer tikka I ever tasted! We had it with tandoori roti. Also we had amritsari pulav which was good. Lassi is very good. Note: already decide n go what you're going to eat there coz the person who takes the order is super fast! He dissapears within sec !😁
Rated So my dad had been here and he gave a terrible review and never tried this place on my own, until today when my friend insisted to go here. 1. Ambience: Nothing so great, can be worked upon 2. Staff: Umm, good and helpful 3. Food: We ordered Paneer chatpata (didn't like it as it wasn't chatpata it was simply loaded with lots of masala with skillfully cut capsicum and onions), dum aaloo (good stuff), kake da paratha (loaded with sesame seeds and crispy), chole (huge disappointment as I thought they would be the ones made in black tea and Punjabi style, heart breaking deal), cheese kulcha (hands down the best), Amritsari pulao (we were told it would have soya chunks and I was worried but it simply enhanced the taste, steaming hot tasty rice, ps:gobble up while hot) and mint chutney (perfect and simply delicious, adds drama to everything) Do try this place if in the vicinity!
Rated Landed here on Saturday for a perfect north indian dinner. This place didn't disappoint me even by an inch. The food here is perfect and really good. The ambience is bad and place is compact But thats the only problem here Must visit
Rated One of the best places for authentic Punjabi cuisine. They actually get water from Amritsar for cooking. Have tried almost the whole of their menu, and let me tell you guys, it's just splendid. For starters, try their papdi paneer cheese shots and paneer tikka. Also their famous naanizza, which is a brilliantly prepared pizza on a naan. Their cheese garlic kulcha and aloo kulcha are out of this world. For the main course, try their paneer peshawari, veg kadhai and nutree. I'm not a big soyabean fan but their nutree is just so damn delectable. And for the breads, now let me tell you guys, I don't think anyone can make them better than these guys. Best naans and tandoori rotis in the world. And you just have to try their Kake naan; which is a lachchedaar naan. It is just out of this world. Their dal makhanis will gladden the heart of any Punjabi. Very nice paneer Biryani as well. For sweets, try their gulab jamun and moong dal halwas. Just the right amount of sweetness. Hats off to Pankaj and Abhir for this gem.
Rated Have been there couple of times... They serve really good punjabi food. We ordered harabara kebab & paneer tikka in starter. Even amritsari masala papad was good(lil spicy). In main course we ordered veg Kadhai & paneer butter masala. Butter roti's n butter kulcha's. Lastly rice, dal tadka, lassi & masala chaas. Ps: lassi was really thick n worth trying. :)
Rated Tucked in the by lanes of fountain area in mumbai this quaint little place serves authentic punjabi food or amritsari food. We ordered dahi ke kababs, paneer tikka, cheesy mushroom for starters followed by onion kulcha and aloo cheese kulcha with complimentary choley which i found a bit flat in taste. For mains paneer kasturi was a star as the taste was spot on a bit tangy gravy with kastoori methi and soft melt in the mouth pieces of paneer ,veg kadai looked and tasted fresh with all veggies. Missi roti was very filling along with dal makhani and we finished off with thick lassi. Would definitely come back again.
Rated This is a veg DHABA food restaurant but in an air conditioned setting. They say that they procure their water for cooking from Amritsar( which is the heaven for dhaba food). Their kulchas , lassi, tandoori mushroom cheese melt, are good. They also have mini meals @ Rs 159/- for lunch. Average meal is Rs 300/- to 450/- pp. worth trying and visiting repeatedly.
Rated If you are looking for good amritsari food this is the place for you. The kurkuri starter is a must have. Comes in a glass and a dip. The masala chaas just leaves you a satisfied feeling. The chole paratha and the vegetables just give you a feeling of mini punjab in Bombay ,
Rated Pretty average. According to me it's an overrated place. I don't think Burger King will be able to replace McDonald's in India. BurgerKing's fries are nowhere close to those yummm thin crispy salty McDonalds fries. The burgers aren't that great too. Strictly talking about vegetarian burgers. I have no clue of how the non-veg burgers are. Personally, Would prefer macdonalds over burgerking any day.
Rated Nice place too hangout wid friends....specially wen u come to #pallidium mall.. It is also good as it is dey update der menu so often... Today i tried d new veg #AngriestWoofer..it was awesome...
Rated Hello guys, We were went to Burger King on previous Sunday..Actually burger King was never been in my list coz I heard lots of Negative reviews about their quality n All..But, as Maccddy begins to lower their quality except (Maharaja Burger) , We decided to go here..So we ordered Angriest Whopper n Cheese Combo.. N I am very much delighted with taste specially Whopper ...It is damn spicy I loved that ..It felt that way..Quality wise , It is good n quantity is ample too.. so , have nothing to say more ...Overall nice..Looking for another visit too..Stay Hungry n Be party Lover...@Anamika
Rated Burger King is a much needed alternative to the age old McDonald's. The burgers here are good and filling. We tried the chicken whopper double patty and it is honestly more than enough for one person of good appetite. The patties are thankfully grilled in this burger and hence retain their juiciness right till the last bite. We also had the crispy chicken burger which has a deep fried patty with a crunchy coating. This burger is light enough to leave space for one to try the other accompaniments that burger King has to offer. The onion rings are one of the best dishes to come out of their kitchen with a bread crumb coated cover. The chicken nuggets are much better than the ones at McDonald's although a bit on the spicier side. The cheesy chicken fries were good but I'd be more inclined to shredded chicken than minced chicken since the minced chicken just slides over the fries. The taste, however, was impeccable. Service was a bit slow but the ambience was better than other burger King outlets in the city. Dye to the larger space, it doesn't get crowded too easily in this outlet. Food: 4/5 Service: 3/5 Ambience: 4/5 Price: 4.5/5
Rated By now we all know what burger king is and the nice burgers they serve and all. But what i would like to highlight about this outlet is that its by far the busiest burger king outlet i have seen. Literally had to wait for more than 10 mins just to place the order. It has two floors again making it huge and the ambience is something unique with nicely done walls specially at the staircase.
Rated I haven't visited the outlet but I'm already impressed with extremely efficient online delivery system. Thank you for coming to my rescue in a new city within the stipulated time. Online order placement and delivery at its best. Well done Burger King!
Rated This place is the following : - Food : Good - Location : Good - Crowd : Posh - Service : Lousy - Hygiene : not very clean This place has good burgers and other stuff..... It is recommended by me
Rated I tasted the Burger King #ChickenFries recently, that comes in an adorable chicken face cartoon box. The fries are actually thin strips of chicken, that are seasoned and then crumb fried. They come with a spicy sauce on the side, but the #ChickenFries are well seasoned and have a hint of spice in them, so you can actually eat them without the sauce. The delicious snack is best eaten hot so I recommend you try them at the Burger King outlet. I even got a packet home for myself, and the chicken remained succulent and full of flavour even when I devoured them a few hours later. brandedbawi.com
Rated Wanted to go for a lamb burger but the Zomato app only allowed to order chicken burgers so had no option but to other 2 of them However on a call to Frisbees they were more than helpful on changing the order and delivering me the lamb burger of my choice. So thats a 5 * for the service French fries are fresh potato cut and fried and not those frozen ones The lamb mince patty was freshly prepared and not those ready to serve. So another 5 for the food. Packaging was neat had mayo dip and ketchup also sent over. Next time please do send tissue paper So 4.5 for packaging Delivery time was 45 min got it here in 50min i dont think crying for 5 min in a city like mumbai will be fair So 5 for delivery Overall experience and also the taste i would give Frisbees a 5 Thank you for getting me a lamb burger Frisbees :)
Rated This a basically a takeaway/delivery burger joint. We unaware of the fact went to the location to try the highly rated burgers but could find this place in the rear side of a building complex with the open kitchen, and just a basic seating arrangement outside on the corridor. Having decided to eat, we ordered Crunchy Chicken Burger(for my friend) and Jamaican Chicken Burger(for myself). Both were served with considerable portion of fries. First impression: The Crunchy Chicken Burger looked very good, with buns made in-house in their kitchen. The layer of cheese sauce and pickled beetroot mayo covered the crunchy chicken patty between the breads. The patty was aptly crispy and crunchy which made me skeptical of my burger. Then came my order, Jamaican Chicken Burger consisted of jamaican flavoured grilled chicken patty, pickled mushrooms spread on the patty along with orange mayo and some brown-fried onions and tomatoes. The burger looked big and messy to handle but that what foodies do right!. So the jamaican flavours were little light for me, with the spices giving a authentic taste anyhow. The grilled chicken patty was equally juicy which went well with the burger. But I noticed the bread bun be slightly hard to chew unlike the fresh, soft, voluminous ones catered by the big brands. I personally like the crunchy patties in the burgers than the grilled ones, so will someday later try out the Crunchy Chicken Burger.
Rated I wanted to try this place for a long time & now that I have, I am glad its a takeaway/delivery place. Because the burgers are so huge, it's only safe to eat this messy chunk of food at home & not be embarrassed! :P I ordered for the Sesame chk burger for myself & the Frisbee's org lamb for my bro. I thought the sesame one will be a chicken patty with lightly wrapped sesame seeds but its not so. There are 2 big pieces of chicken, heavily coated with black & white sesame seeds. The black ones make it a wee bit unappetizing to look at & eat but nevertheless it was crunchy & a little too generously coated. I had asked this to be done with tomatoes but they still added it. The next was the lamb & I was envying my bro who I ordered it for as it was one juicy, succulent piece of meat (patty) with an amazing dash of barbecue sauce. This is definitely recommended. The sauces are the key to the flavor of the burgers & they are really yummy with the extra dip they give. The fries served alongside are more like potato wedges & excellently seasoned with the right amount of red chilli & salt. I really could have another serving of this! Neat packaging, however they must consider sticking in a large toothpick to hold their massive creation. Will I have it again? Definitely will order all of the items one by one. Plus it's totally value for money!
Rated You could call this is as a take away or a home delivery place. I ended up at this place through zomato. Wanted to explore something new and this was one of the best rated places. If your are going to pick up the burger then it's difficult to spot this place, as there is no board outside. So you could call them and ask them for directions. Coming to the burger I got Jamaican chicken and American beef. Both were mind blowing and the size is really HUUUUUGE. I would recommend this place for sure to all the people who love burgers. The burger comes with French fries, even the fries were good. Just go for it right away :)!!
Rated They peddle some terrific burgers! Best Burger I've eaten till date. Period. (Wait, I meant devoured till date!). These guys have done a brilliant job with what you would term as humble resources. Size of the burger is quite BIG (for reference - bigger than a big male palm) and as a good burger should, this one leaves behind quite a wonderful mess. Loved both, the Jamaican Chicken and the Ratatouille Veg. The chicken was burgerlicious and juicy! Absolutely lip smacking! Way to go guys. A "BIG" thumbs up! Cheers,
Rated Ordered from Frisbees on a 'no-nonveg' day .. the only time I would experiment with a veg burger! Went by the high ratings of this lil' takeaway and home-delivery joint. Not Bad at all, for 'burgers' being delivered at your doorstep, which remain fresh till your last bite! And take your own sweet time with this baby, 'cause it's pretty huge! I called for a frisbees original and a ratatouille burger, I liked the latter one better, I like the idea of having exotic veggies with a fresh bun! The original one was not bad either, patty was herbed and crispy! And being a first timer, I dissected the patty and the whole burger to see what goes inside.. I have just one suggestion, some more caramelised onions please! Also, it came with spicy fiery fries and some fancy colored dips, which I just skipped, I would have preferred a salad side or anything that's not fried! Now, the only thing I missed doing was take pictures of the burgers and the packaging, which was so american! ;) Anyway, would make up with the next order of a non-veg burger! Definitely worth a shot. Go higher Frisbees!
Rated The best burger I have ever had till now.PERIOD. The restaurant is situated at the back side of a society building and it turned out to be quite the anti-climax of what we had expected given the photos on zomato. There is absolutely no place to sit except one plastic table and a bunch of chairs. We ordered Frisbees' Original Veg, Mexican Veg and Frisbees' Cheesy Veg and boy they were amazingly delicious ! So what makes this one of the best burger outlets in Mumbai ? 1)The bun - it's so soft that you can hardly distinguish it from the mayo and cheese 2)The patties - the cheesy burger had an entire patties made of pure cheese ,yep that's right ! The other patties tasted awesome too 3)Veggies - Fresh 4)Mayo and cheese - loads of it :D Verdict - This place is excellent purely from the perspective of hogging burgers.Don't expect anything else.
Rated I'm known to write super long, detailed reviews. I'm gonna keep it simple and sublime here. Just like the food at Frisbees. I must have reviewed 84 restaurants in Bombay. I've given a 5.0 rating to 3. Frisbees is the 4th. This place serves Bombay's best burgers. HARDCORE taste. Its more of a take out place. So its recommended that you order from here. Go for the original beef, american beef, Original lamb, jamaican chicken or original chicken. You wont be disappointed. THE. ULTIMATE. BURGER. IN. BOMBAY. These guys are doing it fucking right.
Rated Every time I go to eat here, the more I enjoy the food. It's a quaint little place located in one of the bylanes at lower Parel. Finding it is a bit of a task. But the food is impeccable. Guaranteed satisfaction to the last bite.
Rated I ordered their supposed specialty of red bean and spinach risotto... The meal box came in a small white plastic box. The quantity was absolutely disappointing with the risotto at just about 60% level in the small box. It was excessively sweet and there was barely anything going for it. Even the crunch or the specific taste that arborio rice provides was missing and by the end of it I started wondering if it was just white rice mixed in a sweet creamy sauce with shredded cooked spinach and red beans in it. Not really recommended considering other options in the area.
Rated This is a really nice small place tugged into lower parel with amazing risotto and other continental food ! The service is also extremely good and most of the time you will get a place to sit !
Rated Mealbox Cafe just looks like another cafe that can be easily missed while you are walking by that road. Or maybe you wouldn't if you're hungry enough, just like I was. We enter this small cafe with the hope of getting something exotic to eat. This place has been a spot for ordering in for the folks at Lower Parel. I had already heard good things about it which made my expectations go a bot higher. Here's what we ordered and what I think- 1) CHICKEN LASAGNA - Though I am not quite a fan of lasagnas and pastas, I know to spot a good one. The lasagna at Mealbox Cafe was definitely a must try. It didn't dry out even though we took about an hour to finish it in between our prolonged conversations. 2) BASA w CREAMY MUSTARD - This one was the most wisest dish I have had in a long time. The fish was cooked to an aromatic perfection, which was evident enough in the very first bite. The Creamy Mustard Sauce that was served with it was deliciously inviting me not to share much of it with the rest. Now, that happens for a reason. 3) PEACH ICED TEA - We needed it to gulp our food with. Nothing new. Avoidable. Overall, Mealbox was a good experience. I only wished that they had more items to choose from in their drinks menu. It is not a very hard task to choose from Lassi, Mineral Water and Iced Tea.
Rated They have extensive Menü vor your choice but the place is bit conjusted. Ambience is ok . Food and service is Good. But yes you can hang out here with your friends. Pocket friendly.
Rated More of a take-away joint, Meal Box serves some excellent pastas and burgers. Do try Penne pasta in alfredo sauce and spiced chicken burger. Great quantity and quality for the price.
Rated This is a frequent home delivery choice for us. Their menu is very extensive and the quality of their dishes are really classy. And it is super reasonable in prices. Quantity is rather generous too! Highly recommend the pesto cream pasta, lemoni mushrooms, grilled fish with caper sauce. Very nice!
Rated This is quite a find, nestled in one of the busy streets in Lower Parel, near the Peninsula Corporate Park. The Broccoli soup is just out of the world. I could have never imagined that I would be so impressed with a dish that has broccoli in it. The main courses are also quite good. They are more than filling. Plus, its not at all expensive for the kind of food they serve. The only negative is the ambience. It can get a bit claustrophobic and there's only 1 table capable of serving more than 4. But all in all, a great find.
Rated Meal box is one of the reasons why I enjoy having an office in Lower Parel. Really yummy food that's complete value for money! The Veg Stroganoff is really really nice. So is the chilly potato wedges and pastas. The place is a little dingy so vest is to order from here.
Rated A hidden gem..the ambience was not that great but, i doubt it would matter once you taste the food..ordered cream of tomato and cream of broccoli, perfect taste..followed by kung pao potato and spinach goat cheese ravioli, again the dish was up to the mark.. pocket friendly place with really good and yummylicious food..
Rated IMBISS is a non-vegetarian Paradise. When a hardcore non-vegetarian imagines what heaven looks like, I bet a picture of this Sexy little meating-joint located in the bylanes of Bandra would flash somewhere in his mind. I made a somewhat impromptu plan to visit IMBISS with my brother as we were having a serious non-vegetarian craving, and the kind of non-veg we craved for was the one mom won't cook for us at home (if you know what I mean) Even on a Thursday evening at around 8ish we could only find seating in the outside area. Which wasn't a big deal for us. The Food: The Jager Schnitzel: The highlight in a night of all-stars. This delicious pork delicacy with a crusted coating, bacon bits on top and with gravy on the bottom blew our minds. If there's one dish that you absolutely must have at IMBISS then it's the Jager Schnitzel. The Baby Back Spare Ribs: Another great dish, somewhat messy to have, but hey.. What else can you expect from ribs? Taste was amazing. The sweet and spicy sauce and the quality of the meat were in perfect unison and created an excellent gastronomic extravaganza. The Sausage platter: Served with a side of fries, it was an assortment of chicken and pork sausages. You really can't go wrong with sausages, can you? :) What I noticed across all dishes was that the taste was excellent, no doubt about that, but the portions were sizeable for the price they charge. The service: Well not the best in the world but not bad either. They know the quality and taste of their food will more than make up for it. The service was timely, but the waiters seemed a bit absent minded. Conclusion: No way in hell was this my last visit to IMBISS.. There are so many awesome dishes on the menu that I need to make atleast 5-6 more trips to explore them all. And that is with my food hogging brother in the picture!
Rated Amazing was the word. Chicken Snitzel was delicious and yummylicious. It's combination with Cheesy Garlic Bread was fantastic. Along with it we got a chicken burger which was tasty as well. Overall a place I would love to visit again.
Rated True to the rumours, its definitely a place for all meat lovers! The baby back pork spare ribs are just amazing, and quantities are massive! Their burgers too are quite good. Even though its a small place located off Hill road, it definitely attracts crowds. Will definitely visit again.
Rated A Meat Haven tucked away in the cost Bandra corner. Those who love meat will love this place! From the basic chicken to a buffalo and even rabbit, are all served here.
Rated Quaint cant define this place...after a long night we decided to try 'something different', and coming from Delhi, I wanted authentic bombay experience.. Let me tell you, it couldn't get better. We ordered sausage rice and farmer's chicken. We were famished and were hoping the order would take atleast 15min if not more. Surprizingly, before we could take even get over the initial size of the place, the order reached our table. The serving size is good and the the taste is definitely authentic. The farmers chicken had the charcoal burnt flavor and the rice had the aroma of the pork. All in all superb experience
Rated I really like the food here ...if you're a total non vegetarian ...this place is heaven for you...I really liked going here earlier when there wasn't much seating available and it used to be spacious and nice but now it's become very cramped up , very cramped up 😞
Rated Finally I have managed to visit this legendary meat lover place! To be honest I’m not much of a pork fan but my friends were so I joined them and we had honey roasted ham, farmer’s smoked chicken, eggplant schnitzel, Danish pork chop with mushrooms, all very good! My only suggestion is, though I understand they probably want to have their own distinctive offer of serving this kind of food, to provide some options for those who are not so keen on pork otherwise it’s hard to go to dine there in a large group as some friends or relatives might really have troubles ordering, even for health issues. For example, the only veg options are bread and fries, even salad is with meat! The only veg schnitzel is covered in cheese so it’s still high in cholesterol and not so good for those who are lactose intolerant, so without changing the menu or the concept too much, just adding some healthier options would be commendable and could actually increase the clientele I think. Definitely a heaven for old-time hunters lol!
Rated Went there for their "very larger variety of meat" Going up the stairs is a task but it adds to the experience. We definitely ordered the wrong stuff on the menu, because the food did not live up to the 4.6/5 rating that others have given it here. Partly our fault for not reading the recommendations. We ordered two portions of the sausages and a schnitzel, which were not that good. When we were leaving we saw what others had ordered and all of it looked much better than what we had just eaten. Will definitely visit once again and order things that others have suggested.
Rated I had this place bookmarked for a long time, and today I found myself at the right place and at the right time to make things happen. We tried 'Smoked Pork Fat and Rind', I liked the dish just fine, it was helped a lot by the tasteful pepper sauce. And then, their Chicken Schnitzel, which let me tell you, was sheer genius, THE PERFECT balance of texture and tatse (what taste) which was aptly supported by the mushroom sauce, do try this, you won't find such wonderful stuff easily. And finally, the infamous Baby Back Ribs, well, I liked it, the BBQ flavouring was well done, I have no major complaints with the ribs, but I think there is room for improvement, minor touches here and there! Do I recommend this? Hell yeah.
Rated Imbiss…amazing place for people who love meat. No place for a veggie to be at. I went here twice in one day, that's how much I loved the food. I had ordered pork bratwurst with bacon. The pork sausages were soft and perfect. The bacon was cooked perfectly with its saltiness just to my liking. The wedges and the veggies were also very good. The sauce that came with it complimented the taste. I had ordered gypsy schnitzel too. It was big and good but the content of meat was too low. But the sauce that came with it ie the pepper sauce was amazing. Overall, one killer place to be if all you want to have is meat.
Rated great place to order from... the pastas are all nice especially the TGFC sauce pasta.. They never disappoint. Very consistent with the quality. must try
Rated This is very small joint in Ville Parle and can be easily missed in the blink of an eye. But it does serve good food. Although the quantity is less but good food sways me to rate it on the higher side.
Rated Had wanted to visit this restaurant after a friend had firmly suggested me to it. I ordered it through home delivery. Penne in TGFC sauce and Simple Veg Burger. Reactions: Loved every bite of this meal! The burger was nice and crunchy. The patty was not overloaded with potato, but had a good mix of carrots and beans. And the mint mayo combination was just mind blowing. Slightly low on the lettuce and sliced tomatoes though. The pasta was perfect. Filled with corn and capsicum, it was a mixture of red and white sauces. Loved the flavours!
Rated Want to go back to college without actually going back? Dine here :D It has that typical college vibe, very charming. Reminisce about those days spent with friends in college canteen and other places scoring great tasting,calorie rich burgers,fries,milkshakes etc. and then order them all here :D Crunchy Paneer burger is good with big juicy chunks of paneer, Farm Fresh Pizza can be had with friends-better than Dominos and Pizza hut,very value for money and loaded with cheese :D,and go for Chilly Cheese fries or chilly cheese toasties as side kicks. Nice place for a good quick bite,piping hot and fresh. celebratemybeautifullife.blogspot.com
Rated This is a really small joint on the streets of vile parle serving some delicious pastas and burgers. Their TGFC pink sauce pasta is really good as well as their Cheese Corn Surprise burger. The garlic bread, fries and hummus with pita bread is average. Service is quick and its a quite reasonable place.
Rated Nice fast food restaurant in vile Parle east that serves some pretty good burgers and pizzas. The prices are great, and the service is quick. The pastas are quite ordinary though..
Rated We'd usually order from here using Foodpanda! But the delivery taste, and quantity and service never changed. Right from the best fries and, burgers, to the pizzas. Absolutely priced on point. You must try their new Cheesy Fries Paratha Wrap! And also, the Farm Fresh Pizza. And you will love the Burgers.
Rated A small but cute place to sit with your friends and enjoy a small peaceful meal. Their presentation is okayish but the food is pretty good for a fast food joint! I tried their pita bread and hummus and it was delish. The place is slightly overpriced though but worth a visit if you're around.
Rated Ustad's is one of the oldest roadside kebab corner and Chinese food joint in borivli extension ic colony.. Ambiance and space may not be a strong point of this place but food is.. This place is well known for its kebabs and Chinese.. Have tried chicken kebab, chicken schezwan rice and chicken Singapore noodles.. All were very good and tasty.. Also the quantity provided by them was also good.. Kheema pav is something which I would like to try next time.. Overall kebabs and Chinese lover will certainly enjoy here..
Rated This trustworthy Kebab and Chinese joint never disappoints. Don't let the ambiance fool you as the food there hits all the right spots. The owner is chill and let's you in even after 12 on a Saturday night so that you don't go hungry after a night of heavy drinking. The best place to satisfy those munchies with Boti/Seekh kebabs and paav/naan
Rated Not that great place where it mentions kebabs....there are many other close by which are pretty good....can't try anything else!! I wish i had got those flavors which i expect from the road side kebab corners!!
Rated This is undoubtedly the best and oldest kebab corner in borivali.. iv been having kebabs, kaleji and boti from ustad since I was a small boy and it's been almost about 20 years now and the taste is still the same. The Chinese is almost the same everywhere so really can't say about that.. But yes the quantity is really good.
Rated Ustad's - one of the oldest food stall (15+ yrs) and the foods will never disappoint you. I always enjoyed eating here. Kebabs are really good. Chinese - good quantity @ a reasonable price.. Quality and quantity its awesome..
Rated I have been a loyal customer here for the last 15+years and to tell you the truth it's something I look forward coming back to whenever in town. The sheekhs and Khiri grilled are just amazing they melt into your mouth. I had ustaad also cater to a party of 40 people a decade back and all my friends just went gaga on his food.
Rated Absolutely LOVE this place. Been here a gazillion times. And It has never disappointed. The food here is so comforting, this place is like my second home. Definitely try the CHICKEN TANDOORI WHITE, it's absolutely heavenly. I've had tandoori at so many places, Never thought this would be the best one. If there was just one dish I had to recommend, It'd be this one. It's so succulent. Most of the chinese items on the menu are pretty good. CHICKEN FRIED RICE is perfect. MUTTON SEEKH KEBAB, CHICKEN TIKKA and SPL. CHICKEN TIKKA are pretty good too. Give the POTA and KALEJI a miss (given I like almost all dishes prepared here, I'm ready to admit that the fault might lie in me, pota and liver never really grew on me) You'd think, after coming here so many times I'd have fallen sick at least once. But no. I'm just gonna keep coming back for more :D
Rated This place turned out to be a saver for my gang as we were searching for food at around 12 midnight. Owner was very friendly and a very nice person. He even made a dish out of the menu for us as we wanted that dish. We ordered lot of dishes; few starters, noodles and rice both and everything ordered was very delicious. Best part about this place is that it is very light on budget so you can have full meal without burning a whole in your packet. I will surely recommend this place to others especially if you are low on budget and have craving for delicious non veg food.
Rated Good place for some hot kebabs and pav!! Seekh,boti,chicken etc are all available here.. Chinese also is decent here.... Its an evening place...ideal on cooler days of the year!
Rated this is a super place , particularly in few winters days of bombay ,,,,, but kebabs rolled only by ustad .... as he has the art to roll the meat well , on the iron kabab rods .... tastes well on the lines of famous south bombay roady / thella eatery like BACCHU BHAI KI WADI ,,,, or DO TAAKI ... oR the JOGESHWARI behram baug kababs .....well done USTAD .... u figure there .... but do not hike the prices !!!! last i saw ... u are charging 50 + for a plate of kebebs !!!!
Rated Great food...great service...simple and effective place to eat n chit chat..had a great time...try the shawarna and chicken schezwan frankie...tasty sauce and mayo...seems like the right mix! Will certainly visit again
Rated I've eaten at this place a couple of times. The food here is good but not something to come back for. The chicken Lollypops I had were horribly hard and raw inside. The soups are fine. The food is good but compared to their competitors I would prefer another place. The service is pathetic. You need to wait at least 45 minutes for anything you order. Rather, that was my case both the times. The seating is very uncomfortable considering the floor is sloping and the chairs and tables are not suitable for a restaurant seating. The guy selling Sharwarma at the outlet is good! The price points is only why I would visit again.
Rated Ordered the Chicken Tawa Rice yesterday. Must Say it was delicious , not too Greasy & very good Quantity. The restaurant has a good sized menu of Chinese food which is light on the pocket. Will definitely visit again.
Rated Have been here quite a few times and a must try is their chicken lollipops... ambience is good if you come with a group of friends to hang around and have a good meal at a reasonable rate.
Rated Unique variety of Chinese, tandoor and frankies. Food is tasty and lite. Served in good quality cutlery as well. Surprisingly cost effective too. Will visit again.
Rated Quite a decent place... Service is okay... Taste of the food is great.... Everything looks similar.. But the taste differs... Quantity of the food is amazing....definitely a pocket friendly place... Do visit this place if you wanna have Chinese... Just tasted the burnt garlic chicken rice and manchurian rice.
Rated Spacious coffee space on LBS marg, comfortable seating arrangement..tried the caramel frappe which was good however didnt liked the pasta and hummus with pita bread...very average food stuff
Rated They have the best sitting and you can definitely have an amazing personal time with your loved one munching on those nachos and mouthwatering red velvet muffing.
Rated Love the coffee and eatery here.. Ambience okay though.. I loved buttercup coffee.. In love with Irish coffee here.. Vanilla cold coffee was okay though .. Tried pesto cheese sandwich but I did not find pesto in it.. Just tomatoes nd cheese.. Duh! Great for coffees and hangouts ..
Rated The choice of coffees and drinks is as good as any other café. I was impressed with the choice of desserts. We had the brownie and it was a sugary delight. The overall ambience has been well maintained with a beautiful aroma of coffee and chocolate throughout the place toutlemondepeutcuisiner.wordpress.com
Rated Overated totally. But i like the way they serve coffee. Quick bites are good not quantity wise tho. Seating music service and all are okay but overall nothing wanting me to go in for a second time. Its pretty average for its attractive location. Idk they could do better than this😅
Rated Food: 7/10 Best dishesh/drinks: pastas and cold frappe Ambience/Delivery: 8/10 Services/Hospitality: 9/10 Pocket Friendly/Value for Money: 6/10 Over all rating: 7/10 Review: best place open till 1am and with good frappes, my fav is caramel frappe
Rated Well I was searching a place in central bombay where i can get waffles and There i found Love n Latte❤ Totally in luv wid ths place went with my family after having dinner ,We had an amazing Time..Decent atmosphere..Coming to Desert I tried Chocolate Ganache and Waffles ofcoz..Both were absolutely yummy..Rates are reasonable..Would love visiting agn and try many other Deserts
Rated Very cute coffee shop finally opened in mumbai and it has lovely ambience with better music and good services. Coffees are awesome too. The best part is, it is open till 1 and one can make himself more comfy with their huge sitting area.
Rated Love n latte.. Have been to this place quite a few no. Of times. As soon as I enter the cafe, I always look for the corner sofa seats since they r comfortable and can spend quality time with friends. However, it was almost full on a Sunday evening but luckily we got a table in that section. The cafe is quite spacious and the staff asks to order something after we are seated at our tables. Later on they do not disturb us until we ask for cheque. I have tried Oreo, KitKat and ferrero shake here. They are good, have good taste and we received our orders quickly. Later we ordered Alfredo pasta and cheese garlic bread. Alas! There was no cheese on the garlic bread and it was blande. The pasta was good though but I guess they do not have penne and we got fusilli pasta. Overall I had a good time with friends. But the food out here is not great, it is just like the food we get at other cafes.
Rated A quite ,simple ,hidden place and of course paradise for cheese lovers . The staff is pretty friendly .we had ordered a paneer tikka melted cheese which was good but the French rolls were amazing .they are so huge even a 4 pieces one was difficult for us to finish . A pure vegetarian outlet but who cares as long as they serve such good food
Rated Its is a subsidiary of Rasna,Only difference is the name and the A/C facility they offer..The food here is awesome and Few of sandwiches here are very filling to the stomach..
Rated Formerly Known as Rasna, This small joint was the first one to come up with the concept of healthy eating :) sold brown bread sandwiches and whole wheat pizza bases almost Ten years ago. Innovation at it best, when it comes to desi sandwiches, its a wonder how this hasn't been franchised as yet, Can't go wrong at this place, need one in every suburb of the city, Must try
Rated Visited this place earlier Today. This small place is located near Paanch Rasta in mulund west. Best place for cheese lovers. Had their French Masala Roll with Melted Cheese. It was the best thing i've tested recently. Would definitely visit this place to explore more awesome menu. 😋☺
Rated One of my most fav joint to eat guilt free cheesy pizzas and rolls I would love to go over and over again for their perfectly garnished pizza dishes.
Rated A tiny place with dodgy seating, it sure is paradise for cheese lovers. It's also extremely pocket friendly. Order anything with melted cheese, be it garlic breads or toasts, and you're in for a treat that'll leave you feeling super guilty. The amount of cheese might be an overkill in case you're not a big fan of it. They also serve pretty good brownie and Oreo shakes.
Rated Bread, butter, cheese..! These are the main ingredients of all their savoury offerings. A heaven for cheese lovers. And they have awesome lip smacking desserts and shakes too. And my personal favorite- masala milk; which is to die for.
Rated Food:- Melted Cheese garlic bread Review:- tastes better then every garlic bread i have tried 10/10 for the taste and must try dish for cheese lovers. Just one thing, never call for parcel it will ruin your taste. It is always better for dine in.
Rated I have been here many times, but today it was the first time when i had a proper meal over here..we were 15 of us.. Starter - paneer saate was really worth it..8 pieces in one plate with stick in every piece. Roti, bhaaji daal every thing was nice. We ordered for sizzling brownie. It was good but the brownie was tootie frooti one..which doesnt go well with choc i feel.. Overall nice experience :)
Rated I dropped by this place at 7.45 in the morning more because of the lack of options than anything. I had to get some quick breakfast and this place was open so it served my purpose. They boast of a wide menu inclusive of multiple cuisines but since it was an early hour the only thing available was South Indian food which worked perfectly fine for me. The place was relatively empty except for another gentleman and myself. I ordered for idli sambar and it was brought to my table before you could say idli sambar. Okay, not literally. The idlis were HUGE in size. When I say huge, I mean humongous. I'm not one with a measly appetite, I have managed to polish off a medium sized pizza by myself on several occasions so you know I mean business when I say I struggled real hard to finish the two idlis. Real hard. I finished off my seemingly tiny but actually gigantic breakfast with chai that was so good, I almost wanted to go back home and sleep off. So I discovered a better than average restaurant at 7.45 am and yep, it made my day!
Rated Good food,had north Indian food and triple sezwan rice. It was a one time visit,so might not be a big fan of its food. But yes its worth a try.
Rated Very close to mulund check naka the restaurant is there almost over a decade serving decent vegetarian food. The food here especially the dosas and idli and wadas are good with good sambar served along with it. The other food varieties are also decent specially the dal khichadi is very nice . The pav bhaji u get here is also decent one can surely try.
Rated Have been here like several times now....I keep on coming back only for its Chinese dish named humpty dumpty....its awesome...my favorite dish on this planet....one must definitely try this dish!! Super!!
Rated Archana Restaurant has an advantageous location, very close to Mulund Check Naka and opposite the BEST Depot. Menu has a wide range right from South Indian, Fast Food, Punjabi, Chaat, Milkshakes, Juices, Falooda's, Ice cream etc. Gets a fair amount of crowd thanks to its location. Have usually gone in for their home delivery option since its very close to our complex. Most of their South Indian dishes are mediocre in taste. Pav Bhaji is kind off than the other options. Delivery is fairly quick depending on the day of the week. Pricing is reasonable.
Rated Food 8/10 Location 7/10 Ambience 8/10 Cost 5/10 Service 7/10 This restaurant is situated in the most crowded area, at the naka junction of Mulund and Thane. There is no parking, so plan accordingly. nearest parking would be rmall or the parking on the opposite road of rmall. Service and quality of food is great. Pricing is a bit on higher side. It is worth a visit.
Rated The food is good bt not very good. Hyderabadi Biryani is good but after every visit now I feel the quantity along with the quality is reducing. One thing to avoid is the sabudhana Wada not at all good. Service is ok. Ambience is fine.
Rated We had organised a buffet dinner for 60 people. Menu was pav bhaji, cheese corn balls and veg crispy. To start with pav bhaji - it wasn't that great. Pav were soft and fresh but bhaji was fair enough. Cheese corn balls and veg crispy were very good.
Rated I had tried Paneer Tikka masala and Veg Crispy here. The food isn't that good and even the quantity is quite less. The rotis also were not good, unable to break them easily. Not worth. I suggest one should try the adjacent Hotel Shilpa which is much better than this.
Rated Food (4.0/5) Service (3.5/5) Pricing (4.0/5) Ambiance (4.0/5) FOOD: I always thought of reviewing this restaurant but not based only on Idli and Dosa. This time I got a chance to have a South Indian Thali. The Thali consists of 1 Dry Aloo Bhaji, 1 Mix Vegetable in thick gravy, 1 bowl of Rasam, 1 bowl Dal, Sweet, Buttermilk, Puri, Papad, Rice & Pickle. I started with puri and aloo bhaji that looked very tempting due to its freshness. It was made in minimum spices with cumin and slight use of grated coconut. Rasam was amazing with perfect blend of South Indian spices and flavours I was amazed to taste its flavor Inspite of being watery. Mix Veg was made in red gravy with less spicy in nature and giving the correct flavour of south Indian dish. Dal rice were truly divine, light in nature and felt like having it at home along with papad and pickle. Next time if I am confused, looking at their menu, then I will go ahead with dal rice only. SERVICE: Service was okish not because they were late but the captains were not acknowledging with the order, I mean they just hear and without confirming or responding or asking for a add up they just left. I noticed this with 3 captains hence I thought of putting it. Food was served within 10 minutes of order so no deduction of ratings, just a voice of opinion. PRICING: I paid Rs.117/- for Thali + 3 extra chapattis. The pricing is absolutely justified with the taste, quality and portions of food. They do not have any tax structure. AMBIANCE: It has an open area as well as the area inside with huge tables and with air condition. It has a dim light interior even at the noontime you will feel relaxed and will enjoy the dim light cool atmosphere to have your delicious meal on a bench type but comfortable seating arrangement. ****************************Our SOCIAL MEDIA Presence ******************************* Hit Like on our Facebook Page /weekendmasala Follow us on our Twitter Handle @weekendmasala Check out the most tempting Food Photography on instagram @weekendmasala weekendmasala.blogspot.com
Rated When you say "Thambbi" you expect South delicacies cooked with perfection. This place offered good food but that "wow factor" slipped. The ambience is cozy, comfy and simple. With soothing lights and wood tables. Their chutneys are quite awesome. Must try their idlis, those are fluffy and perfect. However it is overpriced at areas which makes me think again. Tea served here is plain with no extra desi tea addons. It's simple taste makes it really worth trying. @management - Prices need reconsideration. If it was something that tickle taste buds and is lip smacking then it is worth spending every penny. Dosas can be improved a lot with right quantity of food served.
Rated This is the perfect place to fulfil ur desire to have South Indian meal. Can't miss the thali here. For the cost you r paying ull get food to fill your stomach and your taste buds will be happy too
Rated A very decent joint. Very good food . Good varities of dosas. Ragi dosa, chilled curd rice , idlis dipped in Sambhar etc. Good combo options. Easy on pockets.
Rated Good South Food and it is quite easy on the pocket....Filter kappi and Andhra dosa are some of the dishes I will recommend...Remember its a south Indian joint for food..Also you can order Dosa with molagapuddi also here...
Rated Light on pocket and a good breakfast, sometimes lunch and dinner as well. What else you want. This restaurant is situated just on the LBS opposite PVR Nirmal. We went there numerous times and basically to have our morning breakfast on Saturdays. And they serve quite good Idali, Dosa and other South Indian Delicacies. As not being a big fan of South Indian veg dishes, I mostly end up ordering their Idali and used to have as much chutney as I can. They made awesome chutneys. Service is okayish and i actually never give it a importance, cause I hardly went there for a full meal. It was friends who stayed with me, used to drag me every now and then. And they are good in whatever the capacity they are and only single joint for authentic South Indian delicacies.
Rated Well this chain is a great addition to Udipi eatery. Upma/Sheera is a delight to have during breakfast along with their special filter coffee. Service is OK and pricing is reasonable.
Rated Went there today afternoon.. Its good. Its a small place with no parking but food is good. Rava onion masala was gud.pulav was ok..we tried 4-5 items and all were satisfactory...best i liked was onion pakoda...ghar jaise badia... Pune really needs such restos or need to learn from it. The south touch is completely missing in pune dosas ,idli ,chutney etc
Rated Thambbi is a small south indian joint in mulund with authentic south indian food. Had been here for breakfast and the dosa was crisp and delicious. Andra dosa was the best of the lot with great flavour and spices. A good place to have nice meal.
Rated Been there with my 8months baby on a Monday. Staff was very cooperative. Great Ambience. We had the round seating in front of the tv. Ordered pizza, nachos, arrabiata pasta, veg sizzler, some starters crochets, peach ice tea mojito and pinacolada Food tastes just ok for jain eaters. It was like a onetime for me.
Rated Food quality is ok....Ambiance is good...We ordered Chinese here ..It was ok.. Veg Crispy is good to try...you can also try paneer chilly... Service is good ...Staff is courteous and friendly...
Rated Last year I went over there with my friend.We had chinese.in that Vegetables were more than the noodles.Noodles were tasty but vegetables were so much.Then we had a cheese cake n custard in dessert.That was so yummy.Ambience is quite good.Service is also prompt.Overall experience was nice.
Rated Good food backed wit nice ambience. Been there before revamp and post revamp. This place serves descent food and post the revamp the ambience adds up the score. Good service and must try for veggie lovers!!
Rated Have been there quiet a few times, last when I went there was pleasantly surprised by below average service, the place was infested with mosquitoes and a.c wasn't working, however the food was kind of decent.
Rated Tase buds is a veg fine dine restaurant..starting with Ambiance ..it is very nice.. With proper sitting arrangement if you going for a party with 10-12 people.. Music is very nice.. Service is nice.. They have given great options in staters.. Paneer Peshawari kabab Panner patiyala This place is a treat for vegetarians.. :-) A proper place to visit with family and friends ..
Rated The place is very easy to find as its one of the famous joint in mulund. Those who are vegetarians and booze this place is perfect. I had visited with my friends and we decided to booze and hav meal over here. I had ordered paneer hill top which was so yummy I still remember the taste. After that we ordered pizza 🍕 it was so perfect with broccoli, olives, bell peppers. I just had one of my best pizzas, as I don't lyk any pizza joints. Its a nice family restaurant with good people around. The place has good ambience and the service is also good. Only advice book the table in advance as it gets crowded on weekends.
Rated This was my second visit to this place after it got renovated. It failed to impress me the first time. But tonight was a revelation. Ambience - Brilliant as usual. Mesmerised me even last time. But the main factor was the taste. Exquisite, delicious food!! We had ordered Italian today. Loved it. The pasta was cooked to perfection. Perfect taste. Perfect texture. Pizza and garlic bread tasted brilliant, although more attention to be paid to the presentation. Mojito was again perfect. Overall a great great experience. Changed my views about this place. Will definitely visit again soon. :)
Rated You need real patients with this place! It is a small little place tucked away in the eastern side of Mulund. It is pretty crowded on Sundays so be prepared. After waiting for like 40 mins, we finally go a seat in the AC section, which is really small and needs expansion asap. Today we've ordered in and it's been an hour the food hasn't been delivered. This place is awesome for the delicious food, but totally not worth the wait. If you plan to make a visit here, do not expect any over the top service. Veg pot rice & mustard chicken are amazing, FYR, but the service just kills it all.
Rated Had ordered from hotel Kampa. On first look I thought the quantity of the package is small as compared to the charges. Had ordered hunan chicken and chicken butter garlic. But the quantity is sufficient for three people .. Hunan chicken was looking spicy however it was not and was made up to the expectation. Chicken butter garlic was also absolutely delicious, chicken was perfectly cooked.
Rated I don't visit this plce much often. But in mulund east if you want a quick bite of gooood Chinese n Thai food...then kampa should be your call Wht I generally order is (home delivery) Chicken thai curry (orange) 4.5 on 5 Burnt garlic fried rice its a 5 on 5 Prawns butter garlic 3/5 Chicken lollipop is a 3.5/5 I have also tried n liked their seafood platter. Cost 3.5 on 5 Food 3.5 on 5 So overall this place is a 3.5
Rated The Food her is good....Ambiance here is ok....I recommend the Veg Platter..3 people can easy have a variety of starters in that....The quantity of the food is pretty good ,But quality i feel can be improved..It's not bad..But can be improved....
Rated A small joint for Chinese dishes. Table arrangements for AC section is nice with good ambience same goes with outdoor arrangements but the only problem comes is mosquitoes. Talking about the food i had chicken hot garlic appetizer which I should say a must try for spicy lover's and in main course I had chicken sizzler which was a sad taste for me only because of its sauce as it had more of a bitter taste in that which I did not liked. Overall a good place which comes with a calculation of 2 dish for Rs575.
Rated We used to stay away from this place when it was once called Chandraprabha & a very costly outlet for us. But then going here was like a big achievement. The food here is very nice and tasty at the same time hygienic. Though they were always very kanjoos when we used to ask for extra noodles n pakodas They used to charge us. Nonetheless the food is really nice and is a must try
Rated The best place for Chinese food in mulund and nearby areas.. it's been a go to place for us wenever feel like having delicious Chinese food! They even serve good Thai food. Been there n number of times and this place doesn't disappoint.. we keep coming back.. Gr8 variety of chicken n seafood.. burnt garlic rice is evergreen best! Honey noodles in desert is also superb! Most of the chicken starters r good and perfectly cooked! Cozy small seating arrangement and value for money too!!!
Rated Kampa is one of the best places in Mulund which provides truly authentic Chinese food. 5 Highlights of this place for which you should visit it once :- 1. Ambience of this place is calm and serene. 2. Taste of food is truly amazing. 3. Good service. 4. Their chicken and mix platter. 5. Last but not the least, sizzling brownie with hot chocolate. Chinese lovers should definitely try it once...
Rated Kampa is one of the great economically priced restaurants in Mulund East which serves decent Indian Chinese cuisine. Good amount of quantity at an affordable price is the unique thing about it. The staff is well behaved & the service is quick. Only issue is that the place is not that big enough to accommodate many people. Hence I had visited only 2-3 times but normally order the food from here. eatburp.com
Rated Just outside of Nirmal lifestyle Be sure you take a place near a fan on specially hotter days...lack of air conditioning makes it difficult Food is good Heard some customers complaining about Paneer but I found Paneer crispy nice Balance of spices Butter nan and any Paneer sabzi is a good combination To cherry on top a fruit juice to balance the dinner is a good option
Rated Food (2.0/5) Service (1.0/5) Pricing (2.5/5) Ambiance (3.0/5) FOOD: The menu has a huge variety that might amaze you but the food it exactly opposite to what it appears. I ordered a lunch Thali that consist 1 Aloo Bhaji, 1 Mix Bhaji and 1 Chana Masala along with Dal, Chapatti, Sweet, Curd, Pickle & Papad, the surprising thing here was all the items were cold. I felt like I am on a cold diet. The food was tasteless and can in fact spoil your taste buds if you are hungry. Quality wise it was okish but when the food is cold and taste poor, how can you appreciate them for a quality. SERVICE: Service was even more disastrous then food, I asked the captain that food is cold and the reply comes ‘Aisa hi milega sir’. Nothing more to talk to him and to tell you about the foodie experience here. PRICING: I paid Rs.125/- for Thali. They do not have any tax structure and I feel they should not even think of implementing it. AMBIANCE: It has an open area as well as the inside area but no air condition. Seats are comfortable, seating area was clean and they have an open kitchen, which is visible as you enter. SUGGESTION: Rebuild your product and service as there is no base for modification or improvement in the existing offering. ****************************Our SOCIAL MEDIA Presence ********************************** Hit Like on our Facebook Page /weekendmasala Follow us on our Twitter Handle @weekendmasala Check out the most tempting Food Photography on instagram @weekendmasala weekendmasala.blogspot.com
Rated I hd a mosambi juice here yest night..i would say the juice was too overpriced..all juices ranged between 75-100..which is quiet a lot considering the taste, quality and the restro itself..its no frills eat n leave restro..d juice was okayish n felt artificially sweet n didnt hav the natural sweetness..wouldnt come back here for a juice for sure..but might try the food here..
Rated Decent food at a good price,..Would recommend the chole bature,Veg Crispy,Misal pav Their starters are also pretty good....Punjabi food is ok...
Rated Nothing great as such...a decent place to have breakfast and snacks...reasonable rates..quick service and courteous staff.. Must try - idli chilly..yes this one tastes amazing here.. Not a fine dine kind of place..but good for quick bites... Try out this place if u happen to visit nirmal lifestyles or u are any where near lbs marg
Rated Amruta is located bang opposite Nirmal Lifestyle Mall @ Mulund. You just can't miss it. The ambience is quite nice and they have a non a/c seating as well as an open seating which is quite nice during winters. I tried their tomato soup and pav bhaji. The tomato soup should be avoided. The bread was very oily and soggy which left me with a bad taste. The pav bhaji however was very good. A must try. They also give raita along with it which was good. Though I had one complaint that the quantity of bhaji was less compared to other places. All in all, you can drop in for a quick bite
Rated One of the veg restaurant near nirmal lifestyle offering great varieties of south indian ,north indian and chinese food with pocket friendly price.Dining area is pretty decent and good for casual dining. As it is surrounded by residential area usually people go for there home delivery .
Rated Ordered for a special pav bhaji but got a bhaji which has lost its original taste got just the garlic flavour . not much satisfying. Only gud part is ur order gets to u right on time
Rated One of the Oldest hotel chains in Mulund and its always been a pleasure to eat there since it has till date lived upto its standard and is still running successfully. Right from starters to Main Course from Chaat to Pav Bhaji, no matter what you order you wont be disappointed for sure. And most importantly its a budget friendly hotel. Always a thumbs Up for this true gem.
Rated Good Food...... We ordered Idly Chilli & found it good.... Hara Bhara Kabab was Fresh.... Crispy..... Tasty..... They even have outdoor seating for 12-15 group of people. Cooperative Staff..... Reasonably priced..... My father liked Tea.........
Rated I had placed an order from here after going through all the reviews but I was let down. The potato chilly fries ver outstanding really loved it. The phad thai noodles and oyster sauce rice noodles ver complete let downs, completely bland both d dish seemed to taste similar. The burnt garlic noodles ver pretty average. Overall not such a great experience. Doubtful if I wud suggest anyone this place
Rated Small place but good ambience,service is good and the food is taisty but only veg so non veg people do give it a try and do try the staters and the soupe and they will suggeat u different items to try.
Rated Was a bit let down given the good ratings it's received on zomato. Had ordered the below dishes, and although the manchurian was tasty, the paneer was too tough and bland in both the starter and noodles and ruined the dishes for me. The burnt garlic noodles was again average. The quantity was reasonable given the price.
Rated Simply the best Chinese I have ever had in Mulund. Affordable rates and good quality food. Ample amount of choices in each section of your course. Home delivery is always on time and was offered good discounts . Recommended dishes are Manchurian dry , wok tossed noodles , Korean peper fry noodles and fried iceream ! Overall nice experience .
Rated THEY DONT USE "AJINOMOTO" !!!! 😳😻 I have visited this place Twice 😌 The Food , Polite waiters is the main decor to concentrate on !!! 🐝🔛 Family , gang of friends can have fun ,if they want Taste Of Chinese . 😋 Do try "GOOEY BROWNIE" 👻(strongly recommend )
Rated Located at the corner of a busy street and surrounded by motorcycle mayhem during the day, this place serves some nice quality food especially for the price. Refreshing change unlike the so called Chinese restaurants serving two basic categories (red/black). Although the taste might not go well with conventional manchow soup and triple schezwan junkies. I really wish they served non veg:), friendly staff and calm ambience makes it worth a try.
Rated This place has been on our mind for quite some time now. Checked in for dinner today. The place turned out to be quite a surprise. Its a small, cozy place with courteous staff. The food lives up to their tagline 'quality is our recipe'. We ordered the tom yum soup, stir fried veggies (a healthy choice) and forbidden noodles with all the vegetables mentioned. The food was tasty, well prepared and healthy. Another thing we liked about the menu was that it specifically mentions the spice level of every dish. We will definitely go back to enjoy some more good quality food and cheerful ambience with the smiling staff around, of course :) P.S. it is light on your wallet and the dry noodles that they offer as a side, is fresh and crisp which is difficult to find in famous chain outlets as well.
Rated Food: excellent. Service: satisfactory Options and variety: not so satisfactory Can have more better options and replace all indian noodles with rice noodles. All in all good experience. Your services change with time. *sarcasm*
Rated A Complete Surprise Package. Given its location we were not expecting much from it and thought of it as another regular Chinese Eatery but we were very wrong. It serves some really good Chinese Dishes along with its authentic touch and Extra marks for not using Ajinomoto which is a complete plus plus. We had Tom Yum Soup and Hot Cheese Cottage Rice and the Rice was really very tasty along with the soft Cottage Cheese and the Vegetable. Must try for authentic Chinese Lovers.
Rated Hello.New Chinese hotel in #Mulund near Rmall.Serves only veg.we tried starter,soup,rice and it was ok.As it's new it will take time to catch up but can go with friends and family and won't regret. Love the Ambiance but service area need improvement. It also have a great Indian sitting style where more number of people can sit and enjoy the food.do check out with photos tc enjoy
Rated Mixed experience. Order so cheesy pizza ,pizza was ok ok type . Might be its around 11 at night so they did not gave their best in quality. Second time when I ordered for home deliver pizza was really good , we ordered singles . So overall you can opt this place. Sometimes you will get good experience sometimes bad
Rated Many a times v have ordered pizza frm here bt 1ce they messed 😈up so bad.. Ordered d pizza was waiting for an hr🕒 bt no1 knocked d door so I called 📱them n d gal 👯on d cal said v didn't received ❎d order..I was lyk wtf😬 bt then d guy over there handled d situation nicely 😇offered me some discount😀 n told me d nxt time I order I ll get 1✔pizza free so last ni8 I called him up n he was on his words ☺so m happy nw..over all d pizzas r really nice😄..remains hot til d time they reach home💜..cheesy crispy n yummy..😘😍🎉🎊🎈👍
Rated I just love its pizza, cheese burst are my all tym favourite. It's 2 ingredients 4 pizza offer was also quite good. But the best was its Tuesday one to one free, we had been gvn good amount of pizza and quality nd quantity is jst perfect. The recent pan pizza is now becoming my favorite.
Rated Rather than outlet, this is more regarding the new Chef's Inspiration Pizzas. First, there are only 4 pizzas in the new range. 2 each in veg. and non-veg. We tried both in veg. namely, Roman Veg. Supreme and Milan Veg. Fantasy. The exotic Roman Veg Supreme instantly transformed into ordinary with absence of the so called prime ingredient, Broccoli. This was compensated by red and yellow bell peppers. These pizzas come with what they call an Italian crust is a midway arrangement between the regular thick crust and a true thin crust. Pizza fails to impress with the presence of typical Domino's Pizza aroma and taste. I would prefer adding a 100 bucks more and have a great pizza at some known Italian restaurant. If I have to absolutely go for Domino's Pizza then I would any time prefer the Cheese Burst over these new range. At least it does not try to impersonate itself as an Italian. ftloffood.wordpress.com
Rated i just love cheese burst pizzas of dominos. place doesnt matter at all. domino's pizzas are always Tasty. my favorite is deluxe veggie with cheese burst. full of yummy cheese. :-)
Rated Ordered for delivery the pizzas were fresh and stuffed garlic bread was fresh and hot as well. All in all satisfied with taste, freshness. Ordered for stuffed garlic bread with cheesy dip, chefs special in non veg and veggie paradise both of them were pan pizzas.
Rated Domino’s Pizza as an International Food Chain, over time, has made its presence felt in our city in leaps and bounds. They definitely have a huge budget for advertising, very robust, comes out with enticing schemes to ensure their cash registers are ringing. Their online website is really designed well, makes you want to order something right away…. Their innovativeness definitely deserves a special mention, launched every possible type of pizza with different combinations of toppings. They were also the pioneers in express pizza delivery service, your pizza arrives at your door step within 30 minutes or else ‘on the house’. Well not any more. Quite liked their garlic bread served with cheese in the tiny container, though their earlier Pizzas felt like just eating bread, very expensive one at that, with barely any toppings. Today they have 5 different Pizza bases and umpteen choices in Veg, Non Veg, Sides, Beverages etc. The issue with this outlet is their service, they don’t deliver on time, leading to earning their customers ire instead of loyalty. If you are interested in having Pizza head to the outlet, don’t bother with home delivery even though that’s what they got popular for, since by the time it arrives, it will turn rubbery and not palatable. Their new launches in Exotic Italian look interesting, will perhaps try it out at some other outlet. Doesn’t make sense to pay, to increase your cortisol levels……n’est-ce-pas?
Rated This place is conveniently located on lbs road. It looks small at first but they have a decent sitting space upstairs. Nice and neat maintained place to have a quick bite. Nothing to write about the pizzas here as they are all just ok. Service is also ok not great not bad.
Rated It is one of the best and cheapest vegetarian place in mulund. The ambience may be not so great nevertheless the food potions are quite huge and it's a perfect place for a family outing
Rated Campus is one of the decent value for money pure veg restaurants in Mulund East. Famous place and frequented by many. Home delivery is also good and normally food arrives at your place in 40 mins..
Rated Nice, simple no frills restaurant. We pit stopped here for a quick breakfast. Good south Indian stuff. The upma, sada dosa, rava dosa, idli sambar were nice. Good chutney and sambar too. We also had a grilled sandwich which was properly grilled, served with wafers and tasted nice. Good place for a south Indian breakfast.
Rated Ordered for starter crispy potato found hair in it..disgusting. Another starter was mushroom chilly delicious. For mains roti and veg kolhapuri good. In desserts sizzling brownie amazing. Staff the server looked very confused or was a bit nervous. Overall good place to go.
Rated The fastest service & that too pure veg menu, the two USP's of this place. Their famous "Pav Bhaji" is finger smacking good & not to forget South Indian (coffee has to be ordered along), North Indian & Chinese cuisine. Always packed with college crowd, thanks to its prime location which is few mins away from Kelkar college. And not heavy on pocket! eatburp.com
Rated Fastest service ever! Good place for evening snacks from a variety of idli, dosas, pav bhaji and juices. Located at an easily accessible spot. Make sure you try the coffee there.
Rated This restaurant was one of the earliest ones to open in Mulund East and had a monopoly. It would attract the college students nearby. The Pav Bhaji has been the tastiest item on the menu. Over the time however, quality has reduced and the competition has increased. I would love to see this place get an upgrade to be competitive.
Rated I have visited this restaurant many times as i am in kelkar college (near campus hotel). The restaurant is located exactly near the navghar road signal. They serve punjabi, south indian, chinese food with good quality and affordable rate. Masala papad is one of the perfect starter you can have here. Sizzling brownie is really worth and a must try
Rated Small chinese and thai restaurant near to fortis hospital. Service was decent and reasonably priced .We ordered many things from Chinese and thai cuisine(Thai currry, steam wanton,babycorn , veg manchurian, basil noodles ,) and everything was good enough only turnoff was american chopsuey which they served in last and it spoiled the entire taste of our meal.
Rated I have ordered a couple of times from this place and each time I have been more than satisfied. It's a small place with a very exhaustive menu. Even some of the vegetarian dishes sound drool worthy. Anyways for my first order I settled for my litmus test dish - Thai Green Curry. One of the best versions I have had ever.. they add a lot of vegetables to their Curry, in addition to big chunky pieces of chicken which makes this a very hearty, filling and sleep inducing dish. Other orders were the Honey Chilli Chicken and the Chicken Kungpao, both very good options if your in the mood for starters, I prefer the Honey Chicken though. Mulund really suffers from a lack of quality restaurants serving non vegetarian food and this restaurant fits the bill perfectly. And to top it off, it's pretty affordable too. So all positives here...happy eating!!!!
Rated If you crave for Thai food in Mulund, then this place surely tops the list. The green chicken lollypop is a must try. I would suggest you try any of the uncommon unheard chinese starters from the menu. Chilli Oyster Prawns, Red Chilli Fish, Hunan Wonton Soup, Pepper wrapped Chicken, Devil Chicken, Tom Kha Soup, Tom Yum soup, Meat Ball Soup. There are many other Thai dishes with weird names. Ask the Staff to explain the contents before you order it. Main Course has to be Thai Green/Red Curry Rice. Other Rice-Gravy combo options are also decent. Wok Chow lacks Desserts on their Menu, sadly. The ambience is a small yet comfy one. The restaurant owners are highly warm and hospitable. Happy Feasting to You !!!
Rated One of the best 'indian chinese' restaurants in mulund right now. Have been ordering from here since a long time and tried different dishes everytime and loved all dishes prepared by them till date, both veg and non-veg! Even the pricings decent given the quantity and quality served. The place is a bit tiny and doesnt have much seating, so it would be better to order a takeaway from here.
Rated helloo friends it's a newly open place in #Mulund.. Amazing Ambiance with well trained staff.. Wide range of veg \ non - veg in Thai and Chinese.. Who is looking for new options in #Mulund should definitely try this new place.. Serving portion are very satisfactory.n only visit Value for money - 3.5/5 taste - 4/5 Service 3/5 Food quality and quantity 3.5/5 Hygiene 4/5 Tc enjoy and don't forget to check the photos. ty 😃.
Rated Stuff that I had:kungpao chicken and dragon paneer. The paneer was unbelievably "melt in the mouth" soft! I liked the paneer preparation over the chicken one; surprising for someone like me as I always prefer non veg food over veg. Both preparations were very spicy and oily...the base sauces and other ingredients were more or less the same. However the chicken, paneer and all other ingredients seemed fresh. They even look the same, (ref:pics) I like how they have used just the right amount of salt, I didn't feel stuffed after I ate, a sign that they probably didn't use soda. Seems like a promising place. chroniclesofneha.wordpress.com
Rated Sunday evening. Lazy to cook food. Cannot go out. Lets order food from this little Chinese joint near our house which everyone is talking about. So we were just 2 of us and hence couldn't order more items. Ordered only - Burnt chilli garlic fried rice Exotic veggie in Kung pao sauce Brief review as below Pros - Portions are big - Decent pricing - Quick delivery - Food was hot when arrived - Rice was flavorsome - fresh veggies in rice and curry Cons - Taste is indian Chinese. If you like authentic not for you - rice was good but curry was so spicy i left it. It burnt my tongue and my nose and eyes started watering. I was like what the hell! Restos need to realize indian chinese does not mean overtly spicy. I am gonna try ordering again from this place and specially ask for less spicy. Lets see how they fare next time. But for this time, its thumbs down
Rated Tasty food..yummy tummy=happy tummy😇😍..ordered d food for 4 ppl n d quantity was so good that v all ate out of our stomach😝Less oil which is d best part ma mom said👌n its quite easy on ur pockets.💰loved it...paneer was superb fresh n soft 💙
Rated Good food, nice service, little work need to be done on ambiance. the place is small, not suitable for gang party. But awesome place for small gets together..
Rated I have been to many restaurants in Mumbai thus far. Not many places you get a feeling of being welcomed. Wokchow is one of such places where you get that warm and sincere feeling of getting that special treatment. Staff is very courteous and efficient. Their services are extraordinarily excellent. Ambience is pretty good although there is still some room of improvement. Regarding food, I am sure it is the best in class if you love Chinese and Thai food. I can bet you can't get better taste than this anywhere is Mumbai. My recommendation to all the foodies out there: must go and enjoy that yummy food @ Wokchow at least once.
Rated 1. Priced slightly on the higher side. 2. Rolls are the best here. I've tried a few and the best was the chicken tikka roll. Quite lived up to my expectation. 3. The chicken chilly wasn't that great. Was a bit soggy and didn't taste like the normal Chinese chicken chilly 4. The Alfredo pasta was worth it. A little more white sauce could have done justice. But, nevertheless, it was great. The place isn't that huge and all. But, the food is worth trying if the prices are ignored. Overall, 4/5.
Rated We started our meal with Kali Mirch Kebab and it turned out to be quite nice and something that I'd suggest, if you really like to chew on meat. For the main course we had Thai Red curry which was slightly disappointing because the rice was uncooked and the curry was a little too salty. Despite this I might come here again, because this place offers a good variety of food: Desi Italian, Chinese and Thai and Indian cuisine itself.Pricing: AffordableHygiene: Can be better, but not bad.Ambiance: Nothing to boast of but not too bad either, we sat in the non ac section and it was just fine.Service: They servers are courteous and the service is overall pretty quick.Location: It's in Thane, a little ahead of Mulund checknaka. Easy to locate. chroniclesofneha.wordpress.com
Rated Getting straight to the point....food is something thats not very good or outstanding but the place has some wonderfully simplistic décor. Best to visit them during night or evening to satisfy some fastfood craving,priced slightly on a higher side but the quantity is fairly sufficient for the price.hope to visit again!
Rated Right so it's India vs Australia in the ICC World T20 2016 and I happen to go with a couple of my friends to Kashish Park which is right next to Charcoal Deli (or say it the other way round). So we decide to call for some food and we tell him to keep it ready so that we can come down and collect it as we had to collect some booze as well. So this place is firstly not that big but I can't comment on the ambience as I was only taking take away. Turnoff #1 they do not accept cards. Guys cmon now. You need to upgrade yourselves quickly. Not always would we have cash so we would like to swipe our cards and get moving. They weren't accepting cards so we had to walk a mile to withdraw some cash. We called for chicken lollipop and a couple of other tnings. I believe the food is good. Could see them grilling a pizza and it looked yum to although didn't taste it. Nice little hidden gem this but needs to catch up quickly. Good luck
Rated We had gone there at afternoon hence there was barely anyone there. The service was slow but once the food was there, it was just amazing. The burgers were really good. We also had pasta which was also good. It was an overall a good experience and I'll definitely come back here.
Rated Located just to the left of Eternity mall in Thane a small restaurant but elegant. Not a fine dining place as it is partially open but thats how it is still u will not be disturbed by the traffic outside the door. Service was amazing the owner himself takes interest in every guest and inquires about the food serviced. I love the food too. Served on plastic plates and the size of the dinner plate is like a quater plate but its fine you don't seem to mind that. Our order was - Chicken in oyster sauce - Cheese garlic bread - Bbq chicken pizza 🍕 - Alfredo pasta (chicken) - Chicken in oyster sauce was more than expected the chicken was juicy cooked perfectly. -Bbq Chicken pizza is served thin crust with sweet sauce on it. Kinda liked it this pizza is recommended. - Alfredo pastas (chicken) good white pasta. They even add some vegetables like broccoli and the sauce is thick and heavy. - Garlic bread had the need flavour and generous amount of cheese specially the bread was chrisp to the sides n soft in the middle. Ambience 3.5 Service. 4 Food 4.5.
Rated Good ambience. Good music. Cozy feel in the outdoor seating. Indoor has just 2 tables and since its right next to the kitchen, you get constant amazing smell of good food! Ordered peshawari pizza, cheesy fries, chicken banjara and paneer hunan. Pizza was the best out of them, and so was the chicken kabab! Paneer hunan tasted like any normal paneer chilly youd get at other places. The cheesy fries needs improvement. Service was pretty good too. The young guy running it was pretty poliet and attentive and kept suggesting us what to order and insisted on trying the burgers, so will definitely be back to try them as well. :)
Rated I had gone here on a Saturday night, and surprisingly there was no rush. The ambience is quite good enough and I would like to suggest that you should keep more seating in the air conditioned area. I had ordered garlic bread with cheese, chicken Satay, peach ice tea and meat Blast Burger. Chicken Satay had a lot of peanut gravy which made it taste little weird but it was good, meat blast is true to its name and tastes so good. Garlic bread was decent too. Peach ice tea is something I won't have again there. But this place is surely like "Chota packet, bada dhamaka" . It's quite good and they are doing well. Service is amazing and very prompt. This place is going to be a new adda after few months. :)
Rated Located in mulund West aamantran is one of the best dining place in mulund The place serves non veg also n has bar We had gone for my uncle's birthday n it was a get together We had ordered starters n punjabi dishes n everything was just amazing Interiors are simple n elegant They have 2 levels and is air conditioned It's little xpensive Crowd is gud n also the staff Must go guys
Rated Location: It is situated in the market area of Mulund . There is lot of hustle and bustle around the place. Very conveniently located. Food: Non veg was tastier than veg food. Paneer pakoda and Palak Lasuni had absolutely no salt in them. But the non-veg items were quite delicious. Had Chicken platter and Butter chicken . The quantity is very less for all the dishes. Service: Service needs definite improvement. One of the AC's was not working. Only after our insistence they changed the table for us. VFM: The price per dish vis-a-vis quantity looks sure high. I will say it is an expensive restaurant.
Rated Headed to Amantran after work & they served real good food. I ordered the 'Mutton Rogan Gosht' with some garlic butter naan- simply superb. They serve real tasty North Indian Dishes although they need to come up with better choices for desert.
Rated The ambiance is just superb...If you want to have a quiet lunch/Dinner..This place is the best...The waiters are very courteous..Food quantity is OK..but quality is good...and of course it is very very spacious !!!
Rated After a break from Mumbai I'm back to where I love to call it my second home. Mumbai! 😁 I have a very faint memory of dining here 5 years back and on my birthday I decided to go here for dinner. The ambience is excellent and the service is definitely a plus point. The waiters greet you and make sure you are served well. Coming to the dishes. We ordered the man chow soup which was delicious. Much better than some of the Chinese restaurants around Mulund. The harimirch stuffed with paneer is so succulent. Every bite wanna make you want more. Definitely worth having. Not to forget the huge roti 👌 Moving on to the main course we ordered the malai kofta. Although the kofta piece was delicious the gravy wasn't as creamy as it should be. All in all a great place to go with friends and family. Backerman out! Cheers 😁😎
Rated Amantran is one of the Mulund West's oldest & renowned restaurant. Been regular visitor here & what attracts me to this place is the ambiance, great interiors, well spacious seating arrangements & well maintained hygiene. I have seen this place changing for better & better. The staff is well mannered. The portions are good & as the name says "Fine Dine", yes they stick to that. eatburp.com
Rated It's been there for as long as I know. It's my parents favorite restaurant. Amantran has transformed quite a bit in these years. The food is good and predictable. A proper fine dine restaurant. The staff is courteous.
Rated One of Mulund's most iconic fine dining places. I remember going here for very special occasions when I was a kid. Glad to see that they have still retained their quality and ambience.
Rated This is one of the oldest and most iconic restaurants in Mulund. I remember going there as a child and it was really a big deal considering there were not many fine dining restaurant at the time nearby. Food is good and the service is excellent. This place has been displaying quality since years now.
Rated Amantran is a place where I have been here more than a decade. Once in a week we consume food from there be it having it over there or home delivery. Amantran has changed alot the change is good and was much needed. This is a place where I will get yummy Chinese and North India food. The most trusted restaurant. We like their new technology that is there is a stand kind of thing kept and one has to press the button according to the service the server's have a watch and they get notification via that. I will never ever stop going here.
Rated Naturals ice cream recommend to all ice cream lovers, my most favorite ice cream joint. It's malai and anjeer are unbeatable flavors. Yummy cone is served. Just love it,from ambience to service. All perfect. Must try place.
Rated This is my favourite ice cream corner whenever I crave for Fruit ice creams. Two of my fav flavours are Tender coconut and Sitaphal.I love when there are small fruit pieces in ice cream.This is the only place where I avoid eating chocolate ice cream.
Rated I was here yest wid a couple of friends for having some icecream..this outlet is located rite next to achija hotel..v ordered a malai icecream and a chococream icecream in cone..both flavours tested awesome..i was having the malai one..i found an ant in my icecream soon as i started which either flew into my icecream or was already there..nevertheless on complaining about the same the staff was courteous to replace that one with a fresh one..
Rated 😄😍💋Natural ice cream r d👍 best..special d seasonal 💟flavoured one...Tooo good💙😇😍😘😘Ma favorites r chocobite,tender coconut,sitafal💜💗
Rated One of the most silent and delightful place to have your favourite Naturals Icecream. TenderCoconut and Roasted almond are my all time favourite... Also must try in this season are Berry flavours.
Rated Best ice creams in town. Good quality and cheap. Joint is nice and clean. Highly recommended to go with family. I like coconut and sitafal flavor. Also try choco chips and anjeer. Too good
Rated CocOnut...Chocolate chip anY ....NothiNg lYk Naturals ice cream ...Everything Just works with yUr TastE Buds...Sitafal ...ManGo ...VaniLla ...yuMmy...
Rated Best place to get seasonal flavours icecream. Natural's is my all time fav icecream shop. Tender coconut, sitafal icecream choco chips. yummy icecreams. Delivery service is also very good. Most of the time we order tub at home. In 30 mins we get it.
Rated Natural's is a brand I have been indulging in since childhood.And the flavors remain the same even after all these years.Roasted almond flavor is simply amazing. The tender coconut is so smooth..it simply glides into your mouth the moment it enters :)
Rated If you like some seasonal flavours in your ice-cream then this is the place to go in Mulund ...Love their icecreams...A big fan of their seasonal Mango ice-cream & malai ice cream...Although hubby loves the sitaphal flavour ...Some more flavours to try are coffee almond & choco chips...Abundant seating place but you would almost find it full over the weekends !!
Rated This is the outlet I visited most with my friend when I am in mulund. I also had my first sub here. The most I had is veggie delight with barbeque, sweet onion, mayonnaise and vinaigrette. But my favourite is always peas and corn. I also tried chicken seekh and chicken tikka sub. For chicken seekh I take a little bit more sauce because its somewhat dry. Have to try other subs😊
Rated Subway is my messy comfort food! Each time is a great experience. Had a lovely subway date in our long distance relationship. We enjoy subway anytime of the day, any day of the week, any week of the month and any month of the year.. Lol Thankyou!
Rated Firstly I do not recommend this place to people who hate American food. Subway is authentic american as the sandwiches served can be included in the category of cold cuts. Sauces are great. Veg variety is good. New addition to breads Garlic bread is a good option. Cookies are great too. Toasties were a great part but sadly discontinued. Great option for the dieting public and people who watch carbs in their diet. Place is adequate with maximum 2 or 3 tables. Mostly the place runs for take away or delivery business.
Rated When it comes to wholesome, fresh sandwiches, Subway is the best option. This outlet being near to my place, I have been having their subs & salads frequently. The only let down is that this outlet does have small seating arrangement so the only option which is left, is takeaway. But nonetheless, their fresh offerings in terms of veg & non veg subs & salads are totally worth a meal. The outlet is well maintained & the staff is friendly & well mannered. eatburp.com
Rated I had ordered a paneer tikka salad as home delivery. I eat the sub salads on regular basis as takeaways or dine in hence I am aware of the quantity. However, today it turned out to be such a dissappointment as the quantity was half the normal. Pics attached for reference. If this is going to be the case moving ahead, I would not recommend it to anyone nor would I order some myself. Subway needs to maintain quality and quantity of their food items to retain their customers.
Rated It's sandwiches are tasty and yum. Service too good, never been disappointed once. The salad are fresh and sauce are tasty and yummiest. The 115 offer fr 6inch sandwich nd coke was best.
Rated Right so my family is in the mood to go somewhere in Mulund for dinner. And so we do some hard searching on zomato and zero-in on Royal Treat. The ambience is nice and beautiful. The food no matter what we ordered was delicious. I guess I called for some sea food soup which was upto the mark. I also felt like trying the Chicken Steak Platter which turned out to be intresting. The Garlic bread with cheese was made really well too. Nice place this. Really nice. Loved the food and their service.
Rated Visited the place for a quick lunch... The ambience is very soothing... Staff is courteous... V ordered a paneer starter recommended by the staff n was delicious... Also the jaljeera cooler was tasty... Ordered a prawn Caesar salad which I don't like at all but the quantity was good... My friends ordered a veg subji which was good n the butter garlic naan was amazing... In all a good experience... Definitely worth it for punjabi food...
Rated Good place with not so really great ambience, perfect for family outings I would say...staff is quite courteous but their service is a bit slow. Food tastes fine but needs improvement. Overall a good place to visit once. :)
Rated Paradise for me as it's owned by one if my closest friends. What a venue for an informal reunion 😇 Long island iced tea is a must try cocktail 🍷 Amazing ambience, food, service & staff. 🍡🍢
Rated I was roaming around in Mulund and came across this amazing restaurant Royal Treat which has massive banner welcoming you. The restaurant has decent ambience with vineer finish and also friendly natured staff. Coming over to food and i must say that m highly impressed by the quality of service and food they provide. Paneer tikka and dry manchurian was just out of the world and this raised the expectations of having good main course and it didn't disappoint at all. Paneer shashlik sizzler and paneer tikka masala was phenomenal and did complete justice to my flavor and appetite.
Rated Lovely fud. Real awesome spot for family outing. Both happy, u n ur parent :) Fud is delicious. The service is real quick.n prices r jus perfect fr d dish, u ll feel that it is not over priced.
Rated Good ambiance, great food and totally value for money... Had been here on a Saturday night for family dinner. The service was very quick and damn good. We started with Mexican bean soup..10/10 The portions they serve are pretty good..the veg platter had everything grilled to perfection..the triple schezwan rice was also good..unfortunately we were too full to try the deserts.. But i am sure we would on our next visit. :)
Rated The ambience is decent. The service is very swift, but felt as if the waiter is always standing on your head to collect the dishes etc. Food was good. They serve a good variety of cuisines also. The cheese corn balls were amazing. Sizzler was also good except that the grilled paneer in the sizzler wasnt marinated enough. We also ordered a veg. Greek pizza. Did not understand how was it different from a normal veg. Pizza but it was good to taste. Hope they add some varieties in the desert section of the menu.
Rated Ordered 2 rolls for delivery.. Chicken bhuna and chicken makhni. They were as delicious as it gets. Happy to have maroosh around! Keep it up guys
Rated Scrumptious is the word for the food at Maroosh! There wasn't one dish that we didn't like. Started with their Chicken Tikka Shawarma which was delectable, then came Chicken Tikka Biryani which was extremely appetising. My better half loved the Mutton Seekh Kebab. Overall, food-wise full marks. They could improve the ambience though of their Mulund (West) restaurant. There were so many mosquitoes inside and we wished there was a mosquito repellent present. In fact, the guest sitting on the adjacent table to ours also complained about the mosquito issue. It would be a better idea to order online rather than sitting and having in the restaurant. March 2nd, 2016 - Today we ordered online! As much as I recommended to order online from Maroosh in my previous review, now I would highly discourage you to order online with them. They are not at all good with deliveries. Not sure if they have less staff or just too too slow. If you ordered a meal, you perhaps will have to wait for hours for it to be delivered to your doorstep. Zero professionalism Maroosh - Mulund (West)!
Rated A new venture to order online at maroosh and it did not disappoint. Prompt delivery and taste of the chicken schwarma was as the signature ones they usually give...only the quantity of the sides I ordered were not up to the mark in terms of quantity I expected... But overall ..a new joint added to the list from which you can reliably order
Rated It's just One word WOW. Fantastic chicken shawrma with authentic flavour and taste. The chicken was juicy and not dry. Service was quick and pretty kool and young place. The price for the meal is totally worth it and quality and taste justifies the price. It is surely a must try.
Rated This is my go to place for whenever I feel hungry. Being a veggie, options for me are limited, but still manages to make me a fan of the amazing Hummus they serve. One of the best Hummus place around. Falafel, Shawarma and Garlic Hummus💛
Rated This joint is hidden somewhere on LBS. Honestly, I had no idea Maroosh existed in Mulund. Its very a small joint next to the famous Shloka. The ambience is cosy and cool. We ordered a Spicy Chicken Shawarma and Fattoush, both were delicious. The service is quick and the staff is very helpful. Good veg and non veg options available. Must try if you are bored to cook as they also deliver in and around Mulund :D Taste - 4.5/5 Ambience - 3.5/5 Service - 4/5 Value for money - 3.5/5
Rated Tasty shwarmas is what one gets here! I felt nostalgic after having a shawarma from maroosh. It tastes exactly like the shwarmas you get at the Middle East. My favourite is the paneer makhani shwarma. The rich paneer gravy wrapped in Indian bread is a yum!
Rated I had to treat two of my colleagues and could not think of what to order. I had seen this Lebanese joint on my way to work. It suddenly struck me, what could be better than a quick and easy shawarma? We had ordered for Classic Chicken shawarmas with extra hummus and pita. Their take on shawarmas and pita is strikingly authentic. The food comes in a functional paper bag featuring witty quotes and a tagline. They are truly setting the standards for the saying - Simplicity is key. Everything about them is so prim and proper that you cannot ignore them. The kitchen from what I could peep, looked very clean and organised. Their service is not bad either. Most importantly, they are excellent at what they do best - Shawarmas. The pita was perfectly baked, the chicken melts before you can think of chewing it and the hummus is an almost perfect balance of chickpeas, tahina, lemon juice and just the right amount of garlic. The pickled beetroot accompaniment that they serve with shawarmas is an absolute delight. If you are in the mood to grab something Lebanese and do not have too many jingles in your pocket, Mmaroosh is the place to be. Tonnes of love. :D
Rated To begin with, the joint has its own following and it is usually not empty. It's a fairly large place spread on 2 floors. The food is average. I think the plus points will have to be that the prices are reasonable and they are open until late in the night. If you are out partying in the night and need a place to lounge around, this may be it. Also in case you are throwing a party, you may want to talk to the restaurant and you may get a good deal. The turnoff for me here is the indoor smoking. Otherwise it is an OK place for a boys night. PS: it is not a family restaurant.
Rated Awesome late night joint probably the only late night joint close to mulund n thane i know ....They hav a separate section for family which makes it a bttr option for girls to go as well even if it's 3am...food is tasty n yummy as always...
Rated A very regular bar but with good service and very good food. It is like a regular bar with ground floor non ac dining devoted to drinks and ac section over it. The ambiance is a little better than what you get at most bars of same standard. Staff is very good and they do their job really well. Coming to food I tried egg bhurji which was not that impressive because some onion pieces were burnt and it was heavily affecting the overall taste of bhurji. In mains I tried mutton saagwala with roti which was a delight in itself. Tender and well cooked mutton in palak saag was tongue pleasing with very fine texture. Overall it is a place serving way good food compared to other places on same lines. The prices are also on very low side considering the food quality here. My Rating: 1. Food: 3.75/5 2. Service: 3.5/5 3. Ambiance: 3/5 4. Value of Money: 4/5 neverknowsbest.in
Rated The only good point is it is open till 3am. Been here after a dj and we were really hungry. Food is good. We were there around 12.30am But the atmosphere wasn't good at all. It disappointed me to the core.
Rated chciken kheema, chicken handi, chicken malvani, triple schezwan rice, paneer(vry tender) chilly...all are ammazing...i keep ordering it as i reside nearby n ma family also enjoys it...not gud for dine in for family or girls as its a bar in which only men sit..they should actually hav a family space too..it will do btr fosure...the service is ok..nothing to mention abt...!!so a sure shot take away restaurant..
Rated Sandeep being a bar is men's hub , but since childhood I have had parcels from there. Also when was working in Mulund we would frequently order lunch for office from there. Everything is almost perfect. The gravies like kolhapuri , handi paneer , kadai paneer , jalfarezi etc are our favourites. Daal khichdi and daal khichdi with double tadka are recommended. Despite the distance from our residence in Mulund and the office the food is always delivered pipping hot. It's the typical oily , spicy and colored food but still way better than other similar restaurants. Also wish to dine in here sometime during the peak hours 😜
Rated Sandeep being a restaurant and bar isnt women friendly. But their quality and quantity of food is pretty good. I have to always rely on take away but I cant resist their Chicken Fried rice. I have mainly just tried chinese...and every dish has proven to be value for money ! 5/5 for quantity and taste !
Rated Sundeep is located at the main road on the four way junction.I have always ordered through home delivery.The service has been prompt and fast.I guess they do have a family section on the upper floor.Mutton masala can be described in one word-simply yummilicious.It is economical too.The bangda masala tastes authentic and it can set your taste buds to keep on craving for me.Overall the restaurant has set its standards.Do give it a try.
Rated One of my childhood favorite restaurant We used to visit this place couple of times in a moths But it was years back. Recently i had a take away from here And the food is still upto the mark Was very happy with the food And m surely visiting it again
Rated Place is located near Mulund west station near MCC College. Burmese cuisine..... Taste is good. Ambience is good. Service is also good. Restaurant is pure veg
Rated A vegetarian oriental place was never my foodporn, but yeah, at times when you experience a marvel outside your domain of likeliness, it is always memorable and enchanting. This is one such place. I went here one evening for dinner and found it with a very good outside appearance near Mulund station. The decor is equally good from the inside and gives a very vibrant yet elegant environment to dine in. Staff is good and knows their deal well. They will guide you the best way for your order. Being a fan of good curries, I ordered thai green curry with noodle base. It was ready real soon and presented really photogenically. Garnished with crushed peanuts, the noodles were of real good quality unlike what you get at every second place in city. The curry was magnificent, the running flavours clearly won me with its delectable elegance and texture. Without a doubt it was one of the best thai green curries I have had. In all the place is highly recommended for both vegetarians and non vegetarians alike for its high preparation quality and very reasonable prices according to the beauty of what they serve. My Rating: 1. Food: 4.25/5 2. Ambiance: 4/5 3. Service: 4/5 4. Value of Money: 3.74/5 neverknowsbest.in
Rated This place is located near MCC college and Mulund station, so that's a location bonus. Though the menu looks limited, you will get appropriate choices in every section. We were a group of 5 and here's what we ordered: 1. Hot and Sour Soup - Average taste wise, filled with veggies 2. Phor Phia Pak- that's vegetable spring roll, they are so good that definitely you will want to order them again but we wanted to try other dishes too. 2. Szechwan style Baby potatoes - tasted fine but worked well with Szechwan sauce. 3. Hong Kong Pot Rice - served hot and tasty, it had a little sweet taste which was informed well in advance by the wait staff and I was okay with it. 4. Vegetable Chili Garlic Noodles - it was awesome, noodles were perfectly soft and the flavor was good. 5. Banana Tempura with Caramel Sauce and ice cream - Dessert is the favorite part of my meal and it was perfect, it was not over sweet and bananas were properly fried. I have never tasted Banana Tempura more exceptional than the one of OC! There were a lot less spices used. The place is small and clean. The ambience and the music matches with the cuisine, good staff, nice food and a reasonable bill :P
Rated A small, quiet place close to Mulund Station! Reached here since we wanted to try something different and trust me this place won our heart, be it the authentic oriental food or the quick service! Good work guys and trust me its a hidden gem. We started with soups! Miso Soup was recommended by the waiter and it tasted great! Then we had the Padh Thai Pak noodles which was again simply awesome! Fujiyan Rice and Phad Kraprow Pak Gravy was a mind blowing combination! Hoping to hit this place soon, again!
Rated A small place near to the mulund station. When we visited, a table was already occupied by a kitty party group and being such a small place the their voices where echoing making it difficult for us to have a decent conversation. The food was ok. The only dish I liked was the Burmese khowsuey. There was a minor goof up in the jain dish they served us but we're courteous enough to exchange it and apologized to us.
Rated The Oriental Cuisine was a hidden gem for me until I first visited. Nice ambience and service. Their food needs a special mention. The menu is an amalgamation of South East Asian and North Asian cuisines and everything is vegetarian which is their USP. You would get the same flavours of a non vegetarian dish while you are eating vegetarian, which was a plus point for me as I would rarely eat vegetarian when out. Kung Pao Cottage Cheese, Baby Corn Fritters, Maki and Cottage Cheese Takhai were exceptionally good. Overall, fabulous experience!
Rated I did not expect the quality and offerings of the place until I tried it. I love oriental food and have tried a lot of oriental food however the food here is simply awesome. I just wish they come up with a nonveg version soon. We had host of appetizers, mains & soups and everything was perfect! Finally Mulund has a place where u get decent oriental cuisine Good job!
Rated Small cozy place with a striking menu. We walked in on V-day. Filled up pretty quickly since it has limited seating. We were one of the lucky ones to get quick service. Tasty food, different tastes and a nice ambiance puts this place in my list of frequents. Servings were adequately proportioned for the two of us. We tried the fried dumplings, sushi, miso soup and thai green curry, all of which were pleasing to our palettes. The size and capacity of the outlet may negate your experience, if visited on crowded occasions .
Rated I have been here for lunch..this restaurant has nice decent ambience.. Nice music.. They have Thai and Chinese cuisines.. I first time tried Thai and it was tasty... Owners give attention if you have no idea about the cuisines.. They served food in time.. Quantity was proper.. Service is nice .. I would like to visit this restaurant again.. :-)
Rated Being a hardcore non-vegetarian, it is tough to rate a pure vegetarian restaurant so well. But i have to admit, OC stands tall among all the vegetarian restaurants around. Ease of going, ambience, food quality, customer service, economical and most importantly taste, loved them all. U must try sushi here- Never had such a unique sushi in my life. Overall a great experience.
Rated Had called for Cottage Cheese Pepper Shashlik in Barbeque Sauce. A very good sizzler package, babycorn, broccoli, french beans in veggies, with french fries were served as accompaniments. The barbequed-grilled paneer and bell peppers sauted in the sauce tasted awesome, paneer nicely marinated and soft. The noodles were rightly cooked and lightly tossed in the sauce. They also served the sauce separately, was little more spicy than expected but was delicious. We would have loved more quantity of veggies. Overall, enjoyed the meal, quantity sufficing two, slightly over-priced but worth the experience. The service was also very quick. Would visit again to try other offerings.
Rated Secret spice!! Difficult to locate this place.. I wanted to visit this restaurant since long finally visited with friends for lunch.. Food quality and quantity us good.. Staff is polite and helpful.. Ambience is very good and pleasant..:-) peaceful place.. They have a very nice bar area.. good experience..:-)
Rated Went delighted there after india pakistan match only to get dissapointed. Ambience was fine. Starters were just ok. In main course ordered chole kulcha first. Chole were too salty and black in color and on informing them they did not agree. They informed that the chef had tasted it and it is fine. There was no courtesy to change it. Next ordered one paneer gravy and one mix veg type. It was just ok. Again too much salt or some sour thing(khatai) in it. Service was bad. Overall not that great place i will say. Improvement needed in food big time.
Rated Secret spice is located in the commercial building of my housing complex. A mere 1 minute walk from my house. So all this while I was too bored to go there and only opted for home delivery until last week for one of my birthday celebrations. The inside was brightly lit though a little cramped. The low ceiling height added to the crampness. My home delivery experience with this place had never been good. Always found the food to be too rice. But the dine-in experience was drastically different. Maybe better selection of dishes or just an overall improvement. The food was pretty good especially the sizzler. And having had a string on sizzlers last week at different places I'd adjudge this one to be the best lol The service was pretty chaotic. The wait staff seemed quite puzzled. And the music selection was pathetic. I don't expect "Naacho saare G phadke" to play in such a restaurant. Please work on that. Overall the experience was a good one. Much better than the home delivery one. Dine-in recommended.
Rated This restaurant located at Mulund is very good for vegeterian people! The food is amazing, aptly priced and proper quantity. I would definitely go here again. However, if you listen to the music here, they add garba beats to EVERY song which is very funny!😂😂 But all 5 for food and ambience!
Rated A nice spacious restaurant with good food choice. I was with a group of 12-15 ppl, so there was too much food on my table. I think we tried almost everything and everyone was happy. I especially liked pav bhaji fondue.
Rated Have been there a lot of times, nice place for small parties, pretty decent food as well, garlic bread and other regular starters are good, but they goof up big time with pizzas. A big NO, everything else is decent, but do jot order pizzas there, absolutely bland
Rated Cozy, with an enviable liquor collection for one to gaze at. Tad bit expensive. Located off the main road, yet mostly empty. The lighting is yellow- a little putting off. Music not worth mentioning either.. Looking at the menu, what pleases you is the variety in terms of cuisines offered. If you're in Mulund, good reason to visit the place. Staff is okay- though they could be a little more courteous. We'd ordered a pizza (don't remember which one). It was covered with veggies, and hardly any cheese.. turned out to be slightly distasteful. A good place to drink slowly and in peace- office goers and adult (rather than student) crowd frequents.
Rated The food quality was awesome... food tastes great ... nyc ambience... i tried a sizzler... dint find that upto the mark... other things ie italian n other things were great ... cost for 2 people with liquor i found was 1364 ... so quite gud hotel .... must try if u live in mulund n want to chill wid frnds..... cheers...
Rated That's very rare that veg restaurant serving alcohol, food is very good with low cost, a good hotel, management is also good not that bad, nice place to go
Rated It's a good place Very good food Had few Nveg starters Chicken Tandoori Lollipop - was amazing Loved the flavors. Ordered for prawns koliwada - these were okay. A lil undercooked. Prawns were smelly and no sign of koliwada flavors. Chicken tikka - basic dish. Cooked very well. The flavors were just perfect. Over all didn't like the feel the place gave me. A small congested place.
Rated The only 'happening' pub in Borivali! Been to Tight House for all consecutive Fridays considering they have Karaoke on that day. The place gets packed on the weekends and to get a table you have to reach before 7. The karaoke sessions at TH have always been amazing and fun. The place goes crazy by the end of the night with people dancing all over the tables and chairs. As for the food, I tried some chicken starters and French fries. All of it was tasty. The drinks are decently priced. The service is Swift and the captain's are attentive. Overall, it is always a good experience at TH. P.S. Sorry, I don't remember the names of any of the starters I had.
Rated Been there twice. Loved both the visits there. Alcohol is reasonable, so place is always almost full. Even non- alcohol drinks (the mocktails ) are nice. We ordered crispy chilly potato, it is delicious n it will make u fall in love with potato if u r not a potato lover yet :D my friend ordered it again for the main course :D schezwan French fries is okish. We ordered schezwan noodles for main course. A good pleasant place to hang out with friends and chill.
Rated This a pretty good place for friends to enjoy. Ambience is quite good, food is also good. With friends you will enjoy alot and spent a pretty good time.
Rated A place that is new in Gorai just besides Maxis Mall. Had gone here for a couple of drinks with a friends. The place has a decent ambience that gives a bar like feeling. But it still lacked a lot of things like a very dull ambience and the AC was either not working or they din't bother to turn on. The waiters all seem disinterested or were a bit tipsy themselves i felt.This place i already heard that was known for drinking alone. But i had some food here and the only thing that i liked was the schezwan french fries(Couldnt try chees fries cause of lactose intolerant friends). Besides that i did not enjoy any of the food. The alcohol is pretty reasonably priced. I would prefer if they had happy hours as like other places that would make it even better. Had some Jin and rum and little food and the bill was a little more than what we expected but i think still priced reasonably. Food: 2.0 Service 2.5 Alcohol Price : 3.0 Ambience: 2.5
Rated Dropped in at tight house for a couple of beers just before a movie at maxus! The once I have been here I really liked the place! The interiors are different and unlike other pubs I have been to! We ordered a few starters with the drinks as well and what we ate, tasted real nice! Lastly, good service and a great music! I mentioned the music as the once I have been here, the music played was a good collection of the songs of the 90's coupled with modern day music which brought back some nice memories!
Rated Its a decent place to hang out with your friends. The food is average at the best, and the menu compliments the drinks well. We went on a Friday and it turned out to be a karaoke night.. Due to the loud music it was difficult to converse. It's better for opt for outside seating on Fridays if you want to chat with friends. We ordered few drinks and cocktails which were served in a short time. Ordered veg Manchurian which was excellent and also tandoori allo which though was a bit under seasoned. The non veg starters comprising of lemon chicken and schezwan chicken were good too.
Rated This place has become a regular hangout place for me. Borivali needed a place like this. We had exploited our previous options too much. Tight house is a nice cosy place in gorai. Previously what's cooking now tight house is become a favourite for the residents of borivali. The ambiance comprises of woody furniture and dim lighting. The service is great. The people are very hospitable and quick. The food is excellent. I have enjoyed every dish iv ordered for especially the lemon chicken, fish fingers. They serve quarters so that's better than ordering peg wise. The starters range from 250 to 300. Overall the place is definitely doing very well. It's almost giving the other lounges in the area a run for their money. The karaoke happens on Friday night commencing at 9 so all the singers can have a gala time matching their voice to the melodies. The KJ is very welcoming and encouraging. I'm on my way to tight house, so when are you planning on going?
Rated FOOD 3.5/5 SERVICE 3/5 AMBIENCE 4/5 I visited this place when it was newly opened and went a several times after that. My first thought: finally a cool place to hangout in Borivali with alcohol at reasonable prices. The food is good. I have usually ordered the pizza, a stuffed chicken starter (sorry I don't remember the name) but it was delicious. The loud music just sets your mood. The music played here is also good. I liked the decor. Quite good for a place in Borivali. Service is also not bad. My go to place for alcohol when I don't have too much money. Note: Weekends are full here. So there's actually 30-40 mins waiting. Make reservations if possible.
Rated Decent place. Nothing too good or too bad about it. Drinks are priced moderately, some food items are ok and some need to be made better. Service is slow. Music is also good, nothing too great but nothing bad either. Interiors are done well though. All in all IMO this is one of those places you wouldn't have on your 'will visit again' list but also wouldn't mind going back to if a plan is made or you are in the area and looking for a spot
Rated Subway - be it Borivali or Thailand, its one of the place I can actually look up to when I am starving! Being Jain, There's only one option for me which is Veg. Delight and I love it! I love their hot toasties too! Though the seating arrangement at Borivali outlet is very small and less spacious. But it's okay, all matters is warm veg. delight!
Rated This outlet is situated just to next to McDonald's before the IC bridge. Ordered for two 6 inch tuna sub and requested for a little extra onions in one of them as we didn't add much of the other veggies. The server wouldn't budge to add more. I would agree if he was not ready to add more in the rainy season when the onion rates are high but why now ? Though he later added the onions we requested for, this incident didn't make our experience like the others also he didn't add the tuna and veggie properly in the sub due to which it just didn't feel like a normal sub.
Rated It's a difficult place to find but we found it accidentally, we were walking hungry in that area and saw a subway joint and had a sub and hungout in the basement area that they have! It's a cool place and good food!
Rated Just like all the other Subways. The place is decent enough with tables in the open as well. Clean and hygenic. Does not have Sub of the day offers.
Rated Okay, so I have been a subway fan since its inception and I prefer coming here rather eating something junk. The hygiene here is good. I have myself seen these guys washing all the veggies carefully. Coming to the ambience, once again, please concentrate on your food and not the interiors. Well its air conditioned but very small. Since I am a local here but it gets real hectic for people to find this place who are new in Borivali(W). My all time favourite here is Toasted Sandwich of Roasted Chicken. RECOMMENDED.
Rated Veg shammi kebab sub + paneer tikka sub = mouth drooling. Crispy, juicy and a burst of flavours in the mouth. The staff is very sweet here n give good suggestions in case we r confused. Less seating space but never had to wait for a table to get free.
Rated I believe there isnt much to say about a restaurant/ outlet which is an international chain, as their food quality, hygiene level, service has to meet a particular standard. But this particular Subway is definitely worth mentioning. The place is set in a small shop with just the service counter indoors and all the seating (and queue) outdoor(covered). But the staff is absolutely awesome. There were 3 servers(1 on billing and 2on the food counter) and one in the service area. With tonnes of home delivery orders and quite a few of us in the queue, they were managing the place exceptionally well. Right from putting the bread dough in the oven, to toasting the subs, heating the meats, refilling the veggies.. Everything was running smoothly. At no point did they say they are out of something or couldn't manage a certain thing or made anyone wait (which i have seen happen very often) Well someone might say thats how its meant to be, but i have seen really horribly managed Subway outlets(in prime locations) and therefore i made sure i mention this small place. Hope u keep up the good work!!👍🏽
Rated The Ambience is good but the place is small ,I think they have space downstairs or upstairs but wen I asked I got a "NO" there's no more seating. Food: different type of bread choice n different type of sauces is their speciality, Italian bread is best one acc. To me. Do not add extra cheese as they hardly add any. The veggie delete is good for vegetarians And paneer tikka is also good. but pricing remains a bit high.
Rated Despite being a subway fan I feel this place is quite cramped up ..and the basement seems like we're secluded in some place else... Nevertheless ..I love the choices of breads & sauces there...good staff & quick service ..! Only complaint being the variety of veggies is a little minimal !!
Rated Wonderful ambience, superb designing, great hospitality and above all very delicious food. Nice and different varieties of food, best place for all veggies. Superb presentation of mouth watering delicacies, would love to go again and again... yummy, even kids loved it a lot, this time i loved a lot was the wk special pizza
Rated A good place with proper hookha and food facilities and even the people working there are polite and helpful. The only negative point is the is no card swip over here
Rated A good place for vegen and just go over there and you will enjoy g
Rated Simply lost one mark for being noisy, for the waiters bumping into me and being a little lost. Suggestion: please add a glass door to your kiddie party section. We couldn't even enjoy the good English music that you were playing due to their ruckus. Otherwise ambience is nice with a youthful appeal. I loved the food and presentation though. 4is simply for that. Loved their black current and kokum Mocktails. Awesome nachos, cotton soft garlic bread with melting and stretchy cheese. Yummy! Broccoli was cooked in lovely Indian Tikka masala style. Very unique. Great paneer starters and pizza. Awesome thin crust. Love their Chinese sizzlers too. Good place to visit with family overall. Go soon or else the place gets packed as peak dinner time approaches.
Rated I have been here for Dinner on my mom's birthday. We ordered 3 dishes and all were up to the expectations. The interiors is decent and rightly apt to its name. The staff was very courteous. It was a good dinner time.
Rated Thot of visiting dis place on my sistas bday which looked lovely frm outsyd was actually amazing wen entered dis place.. As d name is mentioned d place is well described wid d lovely interior of a warehouse.. Vegetarians hv got a grt option in deir list now one more vegtaurant in Borivali.. Wid great ambience, good music, good food, nice service.. Overall a good place for vegetarians.. N offcourse d quantity n quality is good.. I wud prefer dis place fr grt starters n sizzlers.. @
Rated Vegetarians have got another awesome restaurant in borivali! Delicious food, awesome service, excellent ambience,quantity is also average, bit high on prices! Good for finger food n starters! Overall thumsup👍
Rated Ambiance is awesome! Food is pretty delicious too but it's kind of over priced,i mean it looks like you're paying for all the paintings and decors in the restaurant along with the food! But it was a good experience! Summary: Food: 3.5/5 Ambiance: 5/5 Service 3/5 Value for money: 2/5
Rated Well have ordered almost everything but don't have much pics of every ordered i tasted over here.....service is very good and ofcourse pizza never lets you down....thumbs up!!👍
Rated Used to frequent this place a lot as it was near by St Francis college and there were hardly any eatery outlet's.. Tried the veg doubles consisting of Paneer, corn, onion, jalpeno, tomato, capsicum etc.. Also tried choco lava cake.. If you wanna grab a quick pizza bite at a reasonable rate.. Dominoes is the place for it..
Rated They do have good pizza's! But not all of their pizza's live up to our expectations.. I do feel that the pizza's lack toppings. The double cheese margarita is amazing! But the paneer based pizza is a bit tasteless. This is my husband's fav place, but I am not very fond of this place.. I would personally never drop by for a meal at Domino's!
Rated This outlet is located at the junction of 3 streets. I've been to this place many times and its a quiet and decent place to enjoy pizzas with your friends. There's outdoor non A/C as well as indoor A/C seating. The outlet is not that big for seating space. Talking about pizzas, they are delicious! Garlic breads with dips compliment the pizzas perfectly. But the one thing that you should give a try is the Choco Lava cake. It's amazing!!
Rated I love going to dominos bec they give good quality of pizzas n garlic so i go here to eat this two food n chizzy dip so guys in borivali dominos u can go anytime u wont b regret going to here cheersDhwani Goradia
Rated What is commendable about the Domino's joint is the ambience. Also this outlet has an advantage in terms of its locality. Located amidst and among various sections of different vicinities this outlet has kept almost everyone satiated since its inaugural. Located near the SV road,at the brink of LIC colony, besides Madonna colony and almost bridging the IC colony and outskirt portions of dahisar; Domino's has 'delivered' meeting great to growing expectations of the localities to people of all classes and sections alike. My recent visit would mark me ordering a large chicken mexicana pizza along with choco lava cake and butterscotch mousse cake. The chicken mexicana pizza was enormous. Yes and to its brighter side it tasted damn great!! With the spice overloaded condiments to the drooping cheese glands leaving all in the room drooling :p the pizza fulfilled everyone's taste buds. Chicken chunks were amazing and hot n fresh. Base was well baked and served finely. The choco lava cake is something you shouldn't miss if you happen to be here and have a sweet craving. Absolutely breathtaking. Butterscotch mousse cake maybe kinda pricy but tastes refreshingly good. With all the essential elements one cab expect it does stand out along the choco lava cake. Ambience is a plus point. Outdoor seating provides the view of a not-so-busy yet noisy street as it happens to be located at a junction of 3 streets. Indoor seating is well cooled with proper temperature for us to have a great "PIzzza" time! Spacious,hygienic and setting high standards at the same time. Service/home Delivery:4.5/5 Ambience 4/5 Pizzas n desserts: 3.5/5 Repeat value:3.5/5 Value for money:3.5/5 Cheers!!
Rated The best Dominos outlet from all the ones from where I have eaten. The place is better and more spacious than other outlets of domino's. Domino's serves good and tasty pizzas. Its cheesy burst pizza is yummy. Side orders (stuffed garlic bread, subwich, lava cake) is also good to taste.
Rated A sudden hunger and craving called in for Pizza plus when one has a discount coupon in hand, the pizza suddenly becomes affordable Pizza: 1. Chef Special Roman Veg (8.5/10) Chef Vikas did a real good job with this new recipe. This has officially become my favorite pizza from Domino's, 2. 5 Pepper Cheese Burst (7.5/10) Very good cheese content, pepper quantity was a little less Food : 7.5/10 Delivery : 7.5/10 Quality : 6/10 Overall : 7/10 Expensive : No (If you have discount coupon) Will I go there again : Yes Will I recommend to someone : Yes Bottom Line If prices are tagged correctly, no one would need discount coupons
Rated Pizza hurt is much better than this as now both rate are similar. the pizza base is not so proper n very less options to order .
Rated Visited the Borivali branch of this restaurant for lunch yesterday with family. We arrived at around 1 PM at which time the entire restaurant was empty. They have two floors of seating. We were seated at the top floor which has a really nice view of the "Crossroads" of hence, quite an apt name to the place. They have a humongous menu which offers extensive variety in Chinese and Continental fare. The ambiance was quite decent, comfortable seating, decent music, just average. The service was slow, it took a good half an hour for our food to arrive and our food was just plain old chinese which essentially just needs assembling over the wok. The servers were kind and friendly. We were really hungry so skipped the starters and called for lots of mains. We ordered the following dishes: 1) Lamb Rubbed Garlic Chilly: The menu read "Lamb Leg rubbed with Garlic Chilly tossed in Asian style" and this dish was recommended by the server. I'd no idea that Asian style automatically meant Thai style and we'd be serenaded with a yellow coconut milk based curry with over indulgent Thai flavours. The meat was succulent and the curry was well, thai. Good for those who like Thai, but I really am not a big fan of it. 2) Mix Veg Spice - This was suggested again by the Server when we asked what would go with the gravy. This was essentially pulav served with a Thai curry and in NO way went with the curry. Maybe, just by itself it was quite decent but Indian and Thai don't really blend well. 3) Kung Fu Fried Chicken Noodles - The noodles were the saving grace of the meal. The chunks of fried chicken with their skin on really added an extra kick to the dish and lifted the taste. 4) Peri Peri Chicken - First up the quantity was abysmal!!! 430 bucks for a cup of rice with half a breast of chicken - not acceptable at all!!! Second of all, the taste was nowhere close to Peri Peri. The gravy served with the sizzler tasted like Butter Chicken!!! Even the sauce on the Chicken was sweet. Last time I had peri peri, I don't recall it being sweet!!! The 2.0 points awarded here are only for the kindness and hospitality of the waiters and for the Noodles. The place is slightly on the expensive side and hence, one's expectations move in line with the pricing. Extremely disappointing. thefoodauror.blogspot.com
Rated Since long I wanted to visit this place but for some or the other reasons we weren't able to go. Finally this Sunday we planned and we made it. Its a 2 floor restaurant with space nicely utilised. The ambiance is nice but I found the music was a bit loud on the top floor where talking to each other becomes a little difficult or may be we were seated right below the speaker and thats why I found it louder than normal. The staff is extremely nice and courteous. Food is presentable and tasty. Everything that we ordered was just up to the mark. I guess I haven't had pasta tasting so nice anywhere else. I liked everything about this place. Just giving 4 only and only because the service was too slow, may be it was a Sunday and they didn't have enough staff as only one stuart and the owner were serving all tables, otherwise this place is absolutely recommended and worth trying. Farah, I hope you reading this.
Rated First time I had been here, was not too impressed. This time we went, I thoroughly enjoyed this place! Nice kiwi mocktail in the heat plus good starters! Music and ambience and staff were good! In fact I loved the music :) the staff was helpful.
Rated Crossroads 92 is the good place for the continental food in Borivali. The ambience is cosy and lively with good music played. The food is good and tasty. The pasta was made to its perfection and tasted delicious. Cheese cottages sizzler was good too. The strawberry margrita was ok in taste. The service was ok too.
Rated The place is good.... It's rather little difficult to find as there are 2 shanti circle in borivali.... Anyways the place is good.... The amibience is great... The food was OK.... The prices are high... The quantity is less.. Bar prices are also high...staff is nice But overall had fun so that's all that matters
Rated So we visited this place when it had just started and little less known. The place isn't too spacious but the ambience is very cosy. Not very hard to locate right now. Food is good. Serves Jain food too. Staff is very cordial and attending.
Rated This place has good food and is easy on the pocket. We ordered a paneer siclian starter which was absolutely delicious. The mushroom main dish and pasta were also quite up to the mark. Their menu offers a lot of options in the Italian as well as continental cuisine. The ambience is more like a lounge and the music is pretty loud as well. The seating seems slightly claustrophic especially in the first floor where we sat. They also have a valet parking. Found the service to be relatively slow but still at acceptable levels. Satisfactory experience!
Rated Crossroads 92 is a fine dining addition to the interiors of Borivali. It has a great ambience, perfect for quiet lunch as well as a noisy fun-filled dinner. The food is decent to taste and presented really well with a lot of variety to confuse you!. We ordered the Cottage Cheese Paprika Flakes which were fresh and crispy and decent to taste. I am disappointed to say that the sweet-tangy sauce with which they were served was better tasting than the main dish itself. They were so beautifully and neatly presented that I almost did not want to eat them lest I would spoil the look! But the presentation is not all that matters. ... Read full post on thefoodiebattle.wordpress.com
Rated I wonder how and why I haven't been to crossroads 92 before!!!!!! It truly raises the bar of the category of restaurants in borivali. Run by Farah Tahir and Sachin Pable, I met Farah tonite, she is a sweet girl, very down to earth and extremely warm. She booked my table herself and gave us a personalised service throughout. And I noticed she was warm to all the customers so definitely she takes her business seriously. In fact at one point she had no qualms serving the food herself to us despite being the owner. That's pretty impressive. Now coming to the food.....we ordered a few mocktails initially. Cawlin cooler : it had a green apple flavour. Good but not great. Peach iced tea : Fine. Virgin kiwi margarita : This one was the best of all. Loved it. Then came the starters. Farah gave us perfect suggestions. We ordered for 3 of them. Thai chilly cheese roll : very good. In-house special. So must try. Shanghai cottage cheese : The taste was very good but the paneer was a bit chewy. But on asking we were informed that it was bcos the paneer was fried. So it made it a bit harder. Its understandable. House spiced potatoes : this was fine. Nothing new but def good. Next came the main course. We asked for 3 dishes again. Pasta : we asked for penne in Alfredo sauce. It was average, a bit powdery and dry but passable. Mixed veg spice rice : this dish was really good. Had an oriental 5 spice flavour. In fact we repeated this as we liked it a lot. Chilly butter pepper : a nice gravy to compliment the rice we had ordered. This time Farah took good care to not make the paneer chewy. It was super soft n melt in the mouth kinds. So thumbs up for the immediate rectification of the mistake. Ratatouille basil rice : this one had arabiatta flavoured exotic veg to team with aromatic basil rice. Excellent flavours. We were stuffed to the brim but there is always a special place for desserts in the tummy so we asked for chocolate lava cake. This one was the show stealer. Absolutely loved it. A must try for sure. Overall a fantastic experience. I would love to go back very soon. The food, the hospitality and the neat service is one to pull me back to crossroads 92 asap.Thanks for the lovely time.
Rated We went on a Sunday for lunch and easily found a table. The ambience is a bit different but it's nice. We ordered nachos with cheese in starters and it was awesome. The mocktails were not so good though. In the main course we ordered Punjabi food which tasted really good. The service is quick.
Rated Hands down , great food ! And really happy that borivali is catching up with such wonderful places to eat. The most perfect lasagne . The BEST noodles in sizzlers ( Ordered the Paneer Pepper Steak , which had a great pepper sauce /dip) .Both dishes recommended. Didn't like the spring roll which was too much cabbage for me. Nice ambience. The service was quick ( but I went on a weekday ) Gonna visit again. :D
Rated Atmos Is Good, Ambience Is Nice. Food Quality Is Good. But Taste Need To Improve. The Place Is Good To Enjoy Time With Your Family Surrounded With Deem Lights And Cool Breeze.
Rated Borivali has developed with more buildings and more restaurants!! Heritage kitchen is a big one with outdoor and indoor seating. We sat inside thinking that mosquitoes might trouble us outside. The service was good. There is a vast and wide variety of food choices which is good with a big group - everyone can pick what they want to eat. Almost all the items were good and we were so lost in eating that I forgot to click pics
Rated The restaurant has an outdoor dining area which is well maintained (no mosquitoes) and the staff is always ready to come up with their suggestions on Wht u should order to amplify the food experience ...The food is good both quality wise and quantity wise..and the staff is really warm....
Rated It was Mother's Day and a time to give my mom a break so took her to this place for lunch... The ambience is good and food served Hot and Delicious! I would recommend one visit for sure!
Rated this is a good multi-cuisine restaurant in the vicinity of borivali west. The quality of food is really good and the service is fair. But one big problem is that on weekends they take a lot of time to serve the order and even the waiters do not serve the best quality. But as far as the taste is concerned, it is a nice restaurant. Looking at the rates of the items you can say that it is an expensive one but it also gives you that good quality. { THANK YOU },
Rated Heritage Kitchen, located opposite KoraKendra Grounds.. A multi cuisine pure veg restaurant.. I liked it's ambiance so much.. It is pretty cool.. Service was the best.. The waiters had their attention on each and every table around.. Food was good.. On the cost side, I found a little expensive, even in a non-ac.. Still not bad.. Food, service, ambiance all good, so what else you need..
Rated Yesterday we friends visited this place we were approx. 15 pax we order long list of food. Service was good that there was a lot of crowd in restaurant. Food taste was decent not so good might be because of more of crowd. Ambience is good and cosy. But restaurant is quite expensive.
Rated One of the most decent and reputed restaurants in our area....the food is nice nothing special about this place though and the service is fast. If u want to have a quick bite and pocket friendly place this is a good place to be..
Rated One of the best restos in borivali dat serves pure veg food Located opp to kora Kendra ground I had gone with my cousins We had gone to kora Kendra ground during navratri utsav n were so tired n hungry n were almost exhausted playing garba for more than 3 hours We were just looking around for some good food n we came across dese resto Beautiful ambience They have an outdoor as Well as indoor section It was an amazing dining experience They serve all cuisines from Indian to Italian to Mexican We had ordered Indian starters n veggies It was just amazing Decent crowd mostly u will see ppl cuming in groups family or frnds It's a bit xpensive bit worth it I wud suggest to experience outdoor dining The roof of tables are veri unique it's like a tent Do visit in evening Must visit guys
Rated Well we always say - if you want food post midnight you might have to compromise with the taste Not anymore !! This place is open till 5 in the morning I am not a fan of veg food but this place will make you one There is ample of seating area Outside section , Ac section and rooftop where they also serves sheesha Except for the service there is nothing to complain about The quality and taste of food is amazing The rates are reasonable PS : Chinese biryani and veg cheese burger is a definite try !!
Rated Absolutely loved the JAIN lasagne they served. Come here often with friends. Its very spacious place and evenings have candle lights and dim lights. The only put off was their staff once who would hover over the table every 5 mins for order, despite ordering the food. They would giggle among themselves and when reasoned, they mend their behaviour. Other than that, absolutely loved their food.
Rated Good food and atmosphere but near Borivali there are a very few places where you get good food with good seating area. Its a huge space with open dining and AC sections available. They have specific menu where its a mix of Italian, Mexican, India, Thai and Chinese. Its Veg only restaurant. Parking is a challenge and place is usually very crowded and you gotta wait for your turn to get the tables. Ambiance 3 Food 3.5 Prices are reasonable too.
Rated A decent place worth depending on in borivali. I wouldn't say that its over the top kind of place but the food is definitely better than most in the locality. Have tried pizza, pasta, Punjabi n Chinese here. Most of it is very good. Dal khichdi is quite nice here. Pizza n sandwiches r not the typical udupi style so a good change. Its an open restaurant so good during winters.
Rated Its a place located on the very close to the Korakendra grounds, so after the Navaratri Dandiya raas, you can see people over here in Herds. Coming to the ambience, they have it open, which can create a menace sometimes when it comes to mosquitoes. Talking about the food, I dint find anything extraordinary, but it is definately above par! Its a Veg eatery house, and all I can say is RECOMMENDED.
Rated The setting of this joint is quite interesting. Located on the lawn of Hotel Granville, the setup is like that of a beach-side restaurant surrounded with green net shades to keep away from prying eyes. The ambience is okayish. We started with the Veg. Kong tong Soup, which was too bland and like hospital food. Little disappointed, we carried on with the Paneer Peri Peri and Chinese Biryani as the main course. The Peri Peri was surprisingly very good. But then again we were to be disappointed with the Biryani. The quantity was good enough for 4 people. The service was quick and their suggestion for the Peri Peri turned out to be a saver. Although I never tried but have heard a lot about their pizzas.
Rated ... To be continued. We happened to be at this restaurant post 1 a.m. in the night extremely hungry after picking up a friend from the airport. Good to know there is a nice restaurant in Borivali which is open all night. And what is even good is that it serves good food. Granville Greens is a multi-cuisine restaurant of Granville Hotel in Borivali West. It has both an indoor seating (A.C.) and an outdoor seating in the garden area. It serves all food options that you would get in a multi-cuisine fine dine restaurant. Why I titled my review as ... To be continued is because, I could only taste the Pav Bhaji which was undoubtedly good and experienced decent service. With a good experience in pocket, I am definitely coming here soon to try other dishes and then complete my review:)
Rated Good family restaurant it also has garden sitting arrangement. Though these place gives you a feel of normal north Indian restaurant but its other cuisines are also good. Dont forget to try chinese biriyani and nachos. If given the ratings: Food :3.5/5 Service :3/5 Ambience :3/5 Varieties :4/5
Rated Hasti and Hiloni are the two reasons for the opening of Chef Sisters and the tag line of being a FRESH-taurant has been completed justified by the two young and talented chefs. Both the sisters and extremely friendly and easy to talk to, very impressed by what the have put up with almost no experience. It surely proves that talent and hardwork is what counts. Located at the prime spot in Borivali, it still feels quite underrated according to me, maybe because of the ambience and the size of the place or the incorrect location. I'm not that familiar about the kind of crowd Borivali attracts, but still I can confidently say that this place might have worked better in Andheri, Vile Parle or Juhu. As confirmed by the Chef Sisters, they were afraid a veggie friendly place won't attract much attention at the places I mentioned above, but I don't quite agree to that. They have a pretty cool and loaded dessert counter at the entrance and there is seating space available outside too. Coming to the food, it's lip-smacking delicious. It's a perfect place for multi-cuisine food with a variety mouth-watering desserts and wonderful beverages.We started off with a Green Apple Mojito and a Red Velvet Smoothie. Both of them are a must have if you're here. The Mojito is one of the best mojitos's I've ever had, even after comparing it with a full fledged pub or a lounge. It was refreshing and full of flavor. Now, being a Red Velvet lover, I was bound to like the Red Velvet smoothie and I did. What I didn't expect is that it could be so soo good. First was the Spring Roll, the roll was crisp from the outside and it was a perfect balance of flavor and quality. No added ajinomoto or food colors. The Masala Cheese Garlic Bread was yum, the bread was soft and it could have been the perfect finger food to be served along with alcohol if they served alcohol. The Potato Chilly was the star of the day, the sauce in which the potatoes were tossed had perfect mix of a spicy flavor and altogether the dish had an amazing texture altogether. The Tomato Arabiatta Pasta was the star of the day. The perfect consistency of the tomato sauce and lovely tanginess. The only dissappointment for me was the BBQ pizza with which I had great expectations. The sauce wasn't on the ballpark of an authentic BBQ one. It had the unusual sweetness( really really sweet) to it which doesn't work with the cheese in the pizza. Probably the only dish that they need to work on. Hasti was kind enough to let me try their regular farmhouse pizza which was much much better. For the main course, we had Fried Rice with Thai green curry, both were cooked to perfection. The Thai green curry tasted great and had consistency. The fried rice was delicious too. They do have an Indian touch to everything which is good for this place and also for the customers they are targeting. The dessert was epic. The Devils Chocolate Cake topped with Vanilla Ice cream was yum! The cake was moist with and the cookie crumbs added a great texture to it with lots of sauces and other toppings as mentioned by the Hiloni. It was an definite stand out for the day. Overall, one thing which I would like to highlight is the prices. They are damn low, almost unbelievable at the first glance which makes it a perfect VFM place for youngsters and the portions are also large enough for sharing between two people easily. Each dish was presented beautifully to make it look as appetizing as possible. The staff is very attentive too and very good at their job. Particularly polite and much better than many other casual dining restaurants I've visited. Read the complete review on my blog. ... Read full post on justaboutfood.weebly.com
Rated It's a typical borivali restaurant and by "typical borivali" I mean they can be only good at pav bhaji, chat, desi Chinese, Indian etc; when they even try including things like pasta n pizza it's a total disaster. We started off with red velvet milkshake, Apple and cinnamon ice tea, and oreo milkshake all three were just about ok, milkshakes were a little extra sweet and ice tea well it depends on person to person I personally thought it was decent but my friends hated it. We called for the mushroom pizza and pasta with pesto sauce both the dishes tasted BAD. Their Devil's cake was again just OK There are better restaurants even within borivali. May be in 2002 such a place had a chance of doing well but now when we have really good places coming up and so much exposure to good food I don't find a single reason why one should even come here.
Rated Chef Sisters is a small but a promising eatery located in one of the busiest lanes of Borivali West. An area rather unexplored, the Goradia sisters mustered the courage to set up a non traditional kinda restaurant amidst the usuals. The Goradia siblings Hasti and Hiloni,set up Chef Sisters. Hasti's love for food took greater heights when she decided to pursue a degree in baking from Le Cordon Bleu post her Engineering. Regardless to say, she manages the entire Bakery section in the restaurant while the younger sister Hiloni, takes care of the Kitchen. Chef Sisters initially kicked off as a DIY Wok and Bakery but, owing to the market response, they upped their game and began as a full-fledged restaurant serving a plethora of dishes ranging from quite a few cuisines. Now, how does this make them different? All the dishes we sampled, have a local touch to it, because that's how the customers at Chef Sisters like their food - Global cuisine with a dash of Indianess A quick lay-down of what I sampled during my review last Sunday : Aperitifs Mango Daiquiri - Mango flavored crushed ice served in a tall glass was quite refreshing to sip on. Kitkat Milkshake - Thick Milkshake served with chunks of Kitkat and Ice-cream was certainly a winner. Green Apple Mojito - Rejuvenating and quite summery with the dash of Apple syrup in my Mojito was an apt way to beat the sweltering weather of Bombay. Oreo Milkshake - Pieces of Oero blended in cold milk and served with a dollop of Ice-cream. If you're an Oreo fan, just like almost everyone else, do give this a try! Red Velvet Smoothie - A scarlet looking drink which consisted of chunks of Red Velvet Cake served tall in a glass. It wasn't very sweet and this hit just the right spot. Appetizers Peri Peri Potato Wedges - Home style Peri Peri powder air-tossed with Wedges was an excellent muncher. Cheese Masala Pao - Undoubtedly the Hero of the evening. Chunks of buttery laden Pao smothered with Bhaji and dressed with a generous serving of cheese on top. And, I salivate while i describe this ! Paneer Chilly - Perhaps the most called for dish in Paneer. The Paneer was succulent and well tossed in Chilly sauce and most certainly yum! Masala Garlic Bread - Bread stuffed with a generous stuffing of Masala and oven baked with cheese on top. Bit of Italian but dolled up the desi way! Mushroom Panini - It came with 4 small pieces of Panini Bread stuffed with Mushrooms and Cheese smothered with their secret style home sauce. Mains Cheesy Alfredo Penne Pasta - Italian pasta with an Indian touch to it and not to forget the cheesiness of the sauce in the pasta. Mexican Pizza - Mexican Salsa, Corn, Beans, Capsicum and Cheese is what this Pizza consisted served on a thin crust base. Moroccan Rice - Herbed rice served with a Moroccan styled gravy consisting of broccoli, zucchini and few other veggies with a dash of Middle Eastern spices. The portion size was huge and could easily serve two patrons on a hungry stomach. Desserts Rabdi Cake - A square sized white cake dunked in a huge slump of Rabdi. A myriad of flavors certainly but the combination doesn't disappoint either. Devil's Cake with Ice Cream - A warm cake served with a scoop of ice cream, a generous drizzle of chocolate sauce and dry fruits. Not overtly chocolaty but just the right amount of sweetness you'd wanna add to a sultry day. Chef Sisters is a pocket and family friendly dining option if you're in that side of the burbs. The service is attentive and quite quick on the execution front. Also, a fairly new entrant in multi cuisine space and is definitely here to stay. Also, here's wishing both the #GirlBosses oodles of lady luck!
Rated This place named chef sisters is a nice and we'll known for its asian & Chinese food, now they have started with many more cuisines too to make it a proper multicuisine restaurant. Mocktails/milkshakes - Passion fruit iced tea and kit kat shake is what I liked. The other one was very also very happening " red velvet shake" Starters were good but over done on the seasonings. Not as perfect as I was expecting it to be. The pizza and pasta were good enough, I will recommend these dishes for those who looking out for a pocket friendly good Italian food. I will define this place as anEvening time snacky one with a couple of friends together and hogging on pizzas! Morrocon red curry is something I really liked. It was tasting incredible with the rice served. Desserts we ordered crunchy cooknie which was good in taste but it was a bit lags behind that quality. But good try for a single time. Service needs a lot of attention though! Will surely return soon to try more other dishes! Cheers! Good work good dedication!
Rated Chef sisters is a venture of two sisters who decided to take their love for good vegetarian food mainstream. The restaurant has managed to make good taste and value for money their USP. Team Hogggitup (for those who have come late to the party, it is my food blog) was elated when Chef Sisters invited us for a tasting. The good reviews about the place gave me all the more reason to look forward to it. Location: It’s not too far from the station and in proximity from the link road, which makes it easy to commute to the restaurant. Ambience: Warm and pleasant, Chef Sisters has a feel good ambience to it. Beverages: The place really spoils you for options as far as beverages are concerned. The red velvet smoothie, with chunks of cake was something that I’d go back for. The Oreo and Kitkat Milkshake did not disappoint at all, it was worth every penny. The peach iced tea was extremely okay tasting, exactly like the ones in local cafes. Starters: The Piri piri house wedges stood out. It’s not something one generally finds in other restaurants, and the twist of piri piri was something I liked, was spiced precisely in the way I like. The paneer shezuan lacked exactly that; it was a tad bit sweet for my liking! Main Course: After the encouraging beverages and starters, the main course took a nose dive. The tomato arabiatta was the major culprit. Tossed in red sauce, the dish lacked proper seasoning; it did not have the taste to it that the sauce generally has. We were glad when the dish was replaced with a better version on bringing it to the notice of the duo. The Thai Green Rice with exotic vegetables was good, but again a bit sweet. The double stuffed pizza served after was the saving grace. It comprised of an aloo pattice layered with cheese, and tasted brilliant! Desserts: Their signature dish, Special Rabdi Cake with Dry Fruits, stood out! It took me to heaven, literally. The devil’s chocolate cake with vanilla ice-cream was also was superb. I still remember the lasting taste it left. Overall, the desserts got a complete thumbs up. The beauty of Chef Sisters lies in their simplicity and variety. It holds an advantage of the locality and the quality of food—the perfect place for casual dining in the vicinity. (Go follow hogggitup on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter now!)
Rated Chef sisters Concept for this restaurant is very simple. These two sisters come up with this idea to start a joint then turning it in a restaurant and then making it very famous by just giving good food and decent service. You can't hear bad reviews about this place. I heard so many good reviews about this place from my borivali friends and I wanted to try it. Luckily sisters approached me to come here and taste their food. I was literally honoured. One of best running veg restaurant calls you for a invite to try their menu is really a good news for a non-vegetarian food blogger. Location- You have to use East to west bridge if you are coming by Western express Highway. It's approx 10 mins away from station, next to vijay sales. Pretty easy to locate. Ambience - It's beautiful. Simple and sweet. Place gives you positive vibe and doesn't have unnecessary decor. Beverages - I loved their Red velvet smoothie and oreo milkshake. I didn't find peach iced tea impressive. But places gives you so many options so you can pick according to your taste. Sides and starters - Paneer schezuan was lip-smacking n definitely worth tasting. Piri Piri house wedges and cheese garlic bread is all time favourite. Variety is the key here. They offer you each dish with sufficient quantity which is important. Main course - Pizza is love. And here they have their unique way to serve pizza. Double stuff pizza loaded with cheese is highly recommended. It was delicious indeed. Another star attraction of Chef Sisters is Cheese Fondue which is pleasant for both eye and stomach. Thai green rice is always a good choice in the end. I was not satisfied with their tomato arabiatta red sauce. It was disappointing. I must recommend pasta in white sauce. Desserts - Special Rabdi cake with dry fruits is chef sister's signature dessert and everyone should definitely try it. Definitely worth the money. Chocolate cake with ice cream is definitely recommend because anything with chocolate makes everyone happy. Overall super happy with their service, quality food and drinks. Mr. Parera was really nice, Maybe the best. Really appreciate your service. #Hogggitup #highlyrecommended Marksheet - Location - 3.5/5 Quality - 4/5 Quantity -3.5/5 Service - 4/5 (awesome) Price - 3/5 Revisit Plans- 3.5/5
Rated Chef sisters - this FRESHTAURANT has an awesome theme for the interior and also accordingly the menu card is designed. Pretty impressed by the theme must say. Names of the dishes are funky and done a lot of research before putting up the menu which could be attractive for the locality. We ordered for drinks and starters- Passiofruit iced tea was recommended by the chef sisters, pretty good, value for money, amazing taste and refreshing drink! Kit kat shake was okay, a bit need to be worked on the taste. Red velvet smoothui was the the highlight of the day. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. Secondly, paneer schwzuan is what I will come back for- all about its flavour and the freshness of the paneer, nicely cooked without ajinomoto. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED Masala cheese garlic bread and piri piri wedges (that's what they have named the seasoning) were not very good, peri peri was just overdone on the wedges. Mexican pizza and the pesto pasta were the best two dishes, with nicely done food styling for the each. There was a bit of indianization in these dishes, nothing authentic but that's how things work in the locality as Borivali. So deep market search done for this I must say which is commendable. Morrocan spiced veg with rice, the asian version of chef sisters, pretty nice for the flavours combination in the gravy! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED Last but not the least - the desserts What a taste I must say! Crazy cooknie a kind of crazy little cookie brownie served with ice cream was just awesome. The melting chocolate sauce poured on it could make the whole dish worth writing for. Would definitely come back for this. Litchi crusher was good, not full marks for this, I am a litchi lover though. Finally would say a perfect VFM place with concepts never thought of appearing on the menu and the ambiance. Overall 4 stars for the hardwork done by both sisters in coming up with a place something like this that could be friendly in all ways of taste, quality and money. Cheers!
Rated Chef Sisters, as the name suggests is run by two chef sisters. One of which handles the bakery and the other one manages the kitchen of Chef Sisters. The place is very easy locate as it is very close to famous jewellery showroom, Kalyan jewellers. And secondly, because of the lights and their stand-out nameplate. We were invited by the PR of Chef Sisters. Hence, it was a sponsored meal. However, the review is an honest opinion. After a small chat with one of the Chef Sisters, who was present to host us, asked if we ish to order or should she send in the best/most selling dishes of the restaurants; we agreed to go with the second option. And, then loads of food started coming on our table. The hotel has AC and non-AC section. We seated in AC section, mainly because we wanted good lights for photography. We were served two drinks -Red Velvet Thickshake and Green Apple mojito; three starters- Peri Peri Wedges,Masala Cheese Garlic Bread and Paneer Chilly; three main course- Pav Bhaji Pizza, Rose Pasta and Moroccan Rice with curry;and lastly, one dessert- Rabdi Cake with Rabdi and dry fruits. The sisters seems to understand the value of presentation. Every dish is uniquely presented to the customer. Talking about the taste of the food, if you are looking for authentic taste, then this isn't the place, but if you want indianised or something that everyone in your family should enjoy, then this is an APT place. Out of all the above dishes served, my personal favourite was Moroccan Rice and curry which is also their most selling dish. The flavours of the dish were so rich that you can't stop at after one bite. My favourite list doesn't end here. The place offers one of the best red velvet Thickshake, I have ever had. Their masala cheese garlic bread is very crunchy, cheesy and flavourful. The mojito had the right balance of tang and soda, which made it very refreshing. The paneer chilly had soft paneer, proper coating and great balance of spices. My least favourite was pav bhaji pizza as I found it a bit salty. Over all, their dishes was very tasty and will be loved by every age group, as they prepare in a way to suit every taste bud. The staff is very well trained. They suggest you dishes according to your preferences. The staff is very well acquainted with the menu. The service here is quick. Though our was a preset menu, our food arrived at the speed of light and we had to request him to slow. So to get a conformity on their service, I observed other tables and they were that quick with other clients too. Looks like the staff is always on their toes. The ambience is very basic,but their lightings make it pretty. It's a great place to hangout with your friends and family and enjoy great food. Food, service & staff:4/5 Ambience: 3.5/5 anindianfoodie.blogspot.com
Rated My 6th invitation to a restaurant, Hasti and Hiloni two lovely cousins (The Chef Sisters) were the host. Chef Sisters is a pure vegetarian restaurant and it is quite famous within the locality of boriwali and dahisar (vegetarian hub). Restaurant is easy to locate on SV Road near vijay sales and kalyan jewellers. Restaurant is quite spacious divided two sections, first is air-conditioned inner section and second it external seating area. Went there for lunch and preferred the air-conditioned zone. The ambience is very appealing and a have a youth touch to it ( This is expected out of two young owners).Great job.Quotes on different walls are catchy. Decent chairs but really good music. Got a chance to interact with the duo, they briefed me about their future plans and current status of the place. Hasti is the one who looks after the administration part and dessert, while Hiloni is involved into culinary. They initially started as wok joint and then smartly switched to a proper dining restaurant. Chinese and pasta were the cuisines which they served when they started but now have variety of options to choose from like Italian,Mexican&Punjabi.The latest addition to the kitchen from February is Indian platter.Place was quite full with teens and families. Believe or not my family prefers veg food and it is the reason I have certain attachment to veg food. My first greet was with red velvet smoothie. What a lovely presentation. Very tempting by the looks. Do check out picture of it.It was luscious. Also tried oreo milkshake and it was yummy again. I did not like peach iced tea (not my cup of tea). Kitkat milkshake was nicely done and was delicious. Paneer schezwan was superb. Paneer was really tasty. Then came piri piri house wedges, a potato dish with sauce. It was again nice. Double stuffed pizza was next on the plate and I really liked the potato patties in it.Then came tomato arabitta.It was very filling and good presentation. Next we were served was thai green curry. It was sweet with lots of cocunut. It was decent. I ordered another cooler, blueberry mojito and it was sapid. Also tasted pink pasta but did not find it worth a try. Now, the desserts and if you don't have the time for food..... just stop and grab their heavenly dessert. Saw many reviews about Rabri cake and it being tasty. It was worth all the hype. A must must have. Second on dessert menu was devils cake with ice cream. It was sinful.... really really nice. Desserts are just nectarous. 1. Food 4/5 mainly because of dessert and few dishes. 2.Ambience 5/5 always appreciate good music. 3.Value for money 5/5 very pocket friendly. 4.Staff service 5/5 Pinto was very kind and polite. Keep it up. 5.Location 5/5 SV road. I will recommend this place.
Rated Food is good... And if you have gone to #waterkingdom den it is the best place to have your dinner(Biryani).....as not so much on options available... But service n management is not dat good.... It took them 45mins to get a veg order...n der was no rush... Management should look in to this...
Rated Ordered Tandoori Chicken through Swiggy . Taste was good but the amount of salt was little less . would like to try the biryani . have been hearing good about them.
Rated This place serves good biryani. We ordered Chicken dum Biryani and chicken bhuna masala with some rotis and naans. The chicken bhuna masala had very good quantity for its price. The AC as well as outdoor sections are good. Really enjoyed!
Rated Located on link road this place has always been our joint for tandoori or biryani or even kheema pav. The best must try dish would be noorani kebab is chicken covering stuffed with chicken kheema. We tried out chicken cutlet this time during our visit though it was a little oily it was tasty.. must try if you are on the vicinity and a fan of biryani and kebabs
Rated Recently visited this place in Borivali west. Heard of this place for years but it was the first time. Ordered norani kabab which were good stuffed and fulfilling. As ita known for biryani ordered a regular chicken dum biryani. Taste was good. But looka like an average place. May be the aurora is fading now.
Rated Very good kebabs and decent biryani; big servings; the service is quick; very average ambience; good for regular meal with small group; try the kebab options; not an ideal place for veg cuisine though.
Rated The food here is great! Great mughlai food but it's not close to what it used to be years ago when it was at borivili as a small joint! Anyway, the food has gotten costly too and quality has degraded!
Rated Food is nice. Place is good. Service is very good. They recommend u dishes and after serving they ask if u liked the taste. Chicken Dum Biryani is tasty. Try Jehangir kebab. The chicken is well cooked and served.
Rated FOOD 3.5/5 SERVICE 3/5 AMBIENCE 2/5 I have ordered at home a lot of times and been to the restaurant a couple of times. The chicken tikka biryani is amazing. It's mind blowing. My parents are find of mutton so they opt for mutton biryani and they liked that too. Service and ambience is okay. Must try chicken tikka biryani.
Rated Haven't been here many times but I kind of like the food available here and since this place is famous for biryanis, I always ordered biryanis. So we ordered, • Veg biryani • Paneer biryani Food: Good Ambience: Good Service: Good
Rated Just had chinese here but one of my friends got a fish thali and damn,his food was so delicious, regret having Chinese here,it was good though,but their thalis are the best! Ambiance: 3/5 Food:4.5/5 Service: 4/5 Value for money: 3.5/5
Rated These two stars are just because i tasted something which was good but not as a i expected.....murg musallam.....do you guys know this dish is specifically know as a tandoori gravy and it is spicy to be very precise!! And what i got was so sweet and the chicken pieces were just as normal gravy type....and i don't even know why the rice was given on the parcel.....common guys i never expected something this kind of food from you'll!! I got something which tasted good for a gujrati i mean because the damn thing was "SWEET"!!! Couldn't give you'll one because your food quality is actually good....hate to say this but that was my last order from you guys!!
Rated Not a big fan of the ambience and location whatsoever but their seafood thalis are a hit! Good place to spend quality time with family, especially when you'd want to fulfill your seafood cravings.
Rated Well known for chicken dishes. The place is nice but location could have been better. Chicken Lollypop is good for starter. In chicken gravy try chicken tikka masala (a bit spicy). Overall food is tasty and the place is good but can get very crowded at times also home delivery could take some time.
Rated Pangat... A very authentic and Malvani food re defined. In case your hunger strikes for some sea food bite, this is it. Pangat, a decent place outside seating, AC rooms on 1st floor. Very famous for their list of Thali for all varieties. Go for Chicken, Surmai, Mandeli Thali. Very crispy fried fish and tasty grevy curry. Service bit poor, quantity of items in Thali comfortable for 2. Also comfortable for pocket. Do visit. It's a Sunday treat for your sea food bite at Pangat!
Rated If you crave good malwani fare then this is it. Fresh seafood and authentic malwani flavours. ALTHOUGH if your gumption for spice is poor then head elsewhere. Good service decent ambience. Recommend Surmai fry Prawn gravy Fish thali Sol kadhi
Rated been here for casual family party.. its famous for authentic malwani food. its good n authentic malwani food with reasonable prices and good quantity. being a malwani restraunt we order one punjabi dish in chicken and it was amazing. for the first time we got to eat something in starter of EGG. that was chinese starter but it was yummy. overall food was yummy, reasonable, good quantity and superb. recommendations- egg starter in chinese recommendations- fish thali (bombil)
Rated I would easily rate it a 5 but just coz i havent tried many dishes limiting it to 4. Ac has good ambience and quick service. Tried their chicken thali, tandoor prawns, kingfish fry and yummm it was!!
Rated Located just off link road, Sattv is a good restaurant for South Indian and North Indian dishes. It is a comparatively small restaurant so, getting a table in Air-conditioned section can be a tough task on weekends. It is always buzzing with customers and I love the Palak Dosa here. Ambience is okay like all other restaurants in its class. The person who waited our table was kind of untrained thus, it was difficult to communicate with him and make him understand our order however, the captain took over immediately and it was resolved. Nice place to go out with family and friends.
Rated All 3.5 star is for Veg Hungama ..one of the best sabji.all the Other food we ordered was ok..Dal Fry was below average and must be better.still Just for this Veg Hungama I would like to repeat this restaurant ..
Rated If you want to have a weekday normal family time then this is your place... In your budget and family ambience with mild flavoured food served and serving at its best!
Rated It can be said that it is the only so called restaurant located in Chikuwadi. It is good for its Punjabi dishes. The taste is fairly good like not too spicy and not even too mild. Just a good balance of taste which is suitable for people form all age groups. The starters are not so attractive and are ordinary ones. But they have got plenty of juices and milk-shakes. They are some good quality things. Overall you can go there once in a while and for people living in chikuwadi its the best possible and closest restaurant. { THANK YOU }
Rated Good place to go once in while. It has outdoor seating arrangement as well as a separate ac section. The ambience is okaish and a lot crowded during weekends. Food is decent. Good in quantity. Service is nice.. but on weekends its okay! Punjabi food is good to have at Sattva!! So basically from kids to aged people.. all will get their choice of food and dessert..!!
Rated I had ordered a Mysore sada Dosa and what was put in front of me was nothing close to what a Mysore sada should look or taste like. I think they tried to differentiate too much by jazzing it up with some veggies. There is only so much you can do with Dosa folks!! I hear from a few of my vegetarian friends that the place is a heaven on earth - their words not mine. My experience there was pretty much so-so.
Rated being veg restaurant and surrounded by gujrati area they dont need to care about user rating. their business is running high mostly on power of gujarati and other vegetarian people. there is nothing different or special which can't be found in other restaurants in borivali area ambiance, quality, cleanliness (hygiene) is good above average.place is on busy link road so bit noisy by sounds of vehicles as well as people sitting there if you are sitting outside non ac section. mostly its remain empty in evening time but once 8pm cross then it's difficult to get seats there!. about food- everything is fine ill give 3 star what i like there most is rice and biryani they are good in that section and then good in paneer vegitables too. overall good restaurant except during peak time and home delivery is little slow.
Rated Good place we went on our anniversary and it was good food service was good so i would like you all go to this place n have great day 😊....
Rated This place deserves a 5/5 for what I expected of it before I visited it. As I walked in to this tiny looking place, the door opened to what I'd describe to be a very neat looking interior with music playing and lighting bright enough to see what you're eating and with whom you're eating. The waiters are very friendly and always at your service and the food is beyond expectation! The quantity of the food is either more or there's just a lot of cheese in the food. Either way, it's a win for us and a must go for people who crib that there are no date worthy restaurants in Borivli.
Rated Good place. It's got a cool exterior.. Reminds you of Greece. Went there for lunch, the menu is good. Food even better. We had the Mexican fondue and it was delicious! Greek salad was the popular choice for the Best dish on the table. Followed by pasta. Quantity of the pasta was quite less, you can't share between more than 3. Since the fondue was so heavy we wanted to have something that wasn't too cheesy, but I found the past vanish of my plate in just a few spoonfuls. We ordered drinks and I loved the Mason jar mug in which my drink was served. Service is prompt and helpful. Overall, good place to visit with family and friends. And good place for selfies too 😜
Rated Decent place with pretty exclusive menu & good food. For the ambiance & the service provided prices were a bit on the higher side according to my experiences so far. More of a family restaurant, this place is perfectly suited for a family dinner.
Rated One of the worst experiences to be honest. Surprising part was , the place has good reviews but we couldn't see why they do. To begin with, the stuffed garlic bread was presented well but was too dry, Alfredo pasta was good and so was the ambience. We visited this place for the chocolate cocoon but after such a let down by the appetiser and the bad service , we couldn't help but leave. Mainly, The staff needs to attend some ethics class , not saying all are bad, but a couple surely need to.
Rated The place is decent. The food is okay as well. Its good to just go chill with a couple of friends. What I do recommend though is the chocolate cocoon dessert. That is definitely worth all your money.
Rated Good Hotel for one time eat I had been to this Hotel with friends for Sunday lunch. We tried starters & Mocktails. Apart from Pasta every item was edible & good on taste. Whatever flavour you order, it all comes out to be same, so better avoid them. Rice was nice but less in portion. Quantity for all the items is not great & hence do think about it. They provide small chocs in terms of mouth freshner (Sauf) which is not a good option as ur mouth becomes too sweet & doesnt help in digestion too. Prices are high & they charged Service Tax as well as Service Charge.
Rated This is a place which always caught my eye quite a few times while passing by.. Have rated it 3.0 may be because I expected a lot of this place.. Firstly they are pure veg.. No booze.. For the name it has, it's menu seems very limited.. The food looked good ! However the starter was a disappointment .. The garlic bread was cold and soggy, seemed like they had been microwaved.. Nothing on the platter was piping hot.. Just warm may be.. The pasta was good the watermelon iced tea was nice too.. It was an okay experience.. May go again .. Or may be not..
Rated The perfect chocolate affair at Global Affair. It is a must visit place for choco lovers, varieties will keep you amazed and bill won't surprise you. Ambience is nice and a cool place for youngsters. shubhamsinghsblog.wordpress.com
Rated I kind of fell in love with this place. Subtle interiors, great setting and friendly staff. As the saying goes 'Good food goes with great setting' we were complimented first with a basket of breads with dips. Classic combo of different breads served with butter and dips. Ordered their Bruschetta which was good and well prepared. For main course we had their special Enchiladas that was served in a style. Tasted too good. To end the meal, it was mandatory to order their signature dessert 'Chocolate Cocoon' that is a sinful indulgence. Chocolate sphere filled with chocolate mud and topped with toffee vanilla sauce. Blissful experience.
Rated Amazing food , great place ...Chicago style and chocolate caccon is a must and have to eat if u go here.overall great place for Italian food lovers.
Rated Went in here for lunch and the place was practically empty, just one other table besides us. And in spite of that service was extremely slow. The waiters were friendly and seemed efficient, though it felt like their kitchen was situated miles away, with the time that they took to get each order. We called for a Chicken Akbari with naan and Mongolian Pot Rice on recommendation from the server. The portion sizes were quite huge and sufficient for four people. The Chicken Akbari was an onion cashew based thick gravy with huge chunks of chicken, mildly spiced and flavourful. What I really did like about it was that it tasted different from most other cream based red mughlai gravies. The Mongolian Pot Rice was sweet and spicy and extremely delicious. Really Really loved it. The place is decently priced with our bill coming up to 1200 for 4 people. However, the place didn't seem to entice me enough to warrant a comeback. thefoodauror.blogspot.com
Rated This is the second time in visiting this place. Food was good, the starters are especially great, with menu here having lot of varieties. All I can say is it's quite budget friendly place with decent ambience.OK
Rated I think this is one of the most delightful discoveries I've made in recent times. Apart from the fact that I was in high spirits while I was here, the place has a very chill vibe to it. The music sucks, to be honest but who cares as long as the drinks and food are enjoyable? A friend and me went for his pre-birthday bash and since we were running against time, we placed our order for whiskey accompanied with chicken nuggets, Murgh Tikka and Murgh Malai Tikka - all of which came out tops. Succulent and delicately spiced chunks of chicken, well-marinated and roasted, the portions were good enough for the both of us. You could tell that it was freshly made because of how beautifully tender the meat was. Because we didn't have the time to try out anything more on the menu, we quickly finished our drinks and grub and were on our way. All in all, it was a very pleasant experience thanks to the whiskey! ;) P.S. - Slow service and French Fries could use a little more seasoning.
Rated Headed here for a Birthday celebration. This place has a nice rustic feel & beautiful lanterns. The food is good. The 'bombil fry' & the 'chicken wantons' were loved by all. The 'Sizzling Brownie' completed our meal. A good dining experience I must say!
Rated I was back in Borivali and my cousin sister had chosen to treat us. Six of us were looking for restaurant and focused on Banjara Dhaba for some north Indian sustenance. Banjara Dhaba has mix blend of reviews yet at the same time we chose to try it out. It was Sunday yet we got into family segment with particular family table without holding up. We had moderate lunch for 3 hours with light beverages and played games as well. Must Try Out: Since we were in gathering we went for soup and Non veg kebab Platter otherwise known as Murgh ka Khazana . For soups we had Desi Manchow soup and Hot & Sour both were reasonable on taste and look. Murgh Ka Khazana had five sorts of kebabs with 4-5 pieces each. The taste was great yet the presentation alongside sigree on table was amazing just disadvantage was the warmth it carried with it. We additionally had few beverages of whiskey to go with the kebabs. For primary course we had Chicken Patiyala which was best part of meal. Chicken wrapped in omelet and served in mellow zesty thick sauce. It taste extraordinary with garlic naan. We additionally went for Jhinga Biryani which is fundamentally prawns biryani. The measure of prawns and amount was fulfilling. The masala however was bit fiery. Different dishes to strive for are apple chicken and other Punjabi arrangements. Vibe; Situate in IC colony Borivali Banjara Dhaba can't be 100% dhaba. They have made vibe of Dhaba by utilizing social inside decorations, furniture's and stylistic layout things. However tables and seat are still present day once. Additionally the menu card are made to look like wooden entryways. You can see cart wheel and musical instruments used to make dhaba vibe. They have numerous sitting options for family, bar and other. Service: Administration is one great component of Banjara Dhaba. Staff is brisk on toes to help you. We likewise had electric chime on table to call for service. The requests were served on time and with proper accompaniments. Restaurant suitable for family feast with feel of Dhabha.
Rated FOOD 4/5 SERVICE 3/5 AMBIENCE 4/5 I have been to Banjara many times. The ambience here is good for both the dining areas, family and music room. It's quite reasonable even if you go drinking and to add to their reasonable charges they also have some offers which makes it a great deal. Definitely a go to place if you are on budget and want to drink!
Rated Been here just once but the service is good. Didn't order much food but you can visit once if its on your list. The food is good here and a safe place to party as well. Food: Good Ambience: Good Service: Good
Rated Its one of those typical North Indian restaurants that you find in almost every area of Mumbai. We did not really try a lot out of their menu but whatever we ordered was up to the expectation. The tandoor starters are their speciality and they have a quite a lot of options in that category. A good place to go with your family, that is the general kind of crowd you will see here. The decor is like that of a dhaba with the walls decorated with rural accessories. Table availability should not be a problem as this is a huge place with a lot of big tables. Parking space available outside the place so not an issue if you want to go by car. Decent place if you want to have a good North Indian dinnner!
Rated The ambiance is quiet good but the food is average.....they say "never judge the book by it's cover this is what you get!! Not that recommendable but yes with a big family or gang to have drinks is quite good!!
Rated The best thing about this place is its ambience.It has a village based theme which gives u the feel of eating in a dhaba.The food was very delicious with good quantity and good service.
Rated An amazing dine out option located on the main borivali link road that stands out from a mile away because of its beautifully done and lit up interiors. Its a quaint little cafe that serves some delicious dishes across various cuisines. Started off with the burger soup. Extremely creamy and super delicious , and incredible portion size. highly recommended. And must I add, it gets served in the cutest little bowls. Next up was the barbecue schezwan paneer. Really soft paneer cubes tossed in a unique barbecue schezwan sauce that's not too spicy, not too sweet, and just has the right amount of smoky barbecue taste to it. Definitely recommended. Another thing we did have was the hummus pita- my favourite for the evening. The hummus was very well done in terms of texture and taste with the right amount of garlic and spices. We also did try the ice tea which was very well made ( love their choice of cutlery) and ended with the schezwan rice for mains. Again supreme portions and high on taste. The best part about this place is its extremely easy on the pocket While it doesn't compromise on taste and quality. We went at about 11 pm and heard that it's open all the way upto 3 am which is amazing. Specially cuz there aren't too many late night places around . Very well done up in terms of ambience , reasonably Priced, friendly owners( cute fair boy at the counter was more than happy to help and suggest) , high on taste and quality and wide list of options on menu to choose from. So glad we've such options in borivali now :) Do not miss!
Rated This tiny little place is located on the ever busy link road in Borivali. We happed to visit here during our search for Midnight munching at 2:45 am on a weekend. Donot expect too much in terms of ambience. Its a little place with hardly 6 tables and is decently lit up. Talking about the food - MIND BOGGLING!:) we tried hummus with pita bread (I lovvvvveeedddd it), Seaseme toast (not very great, above average) and sweet lime soda (tasted awesome). The server was very very welcoming and courteous. Overall, a must visit and yeah, it surely will not pinch your pockets;)
Rated It's a small outlet,with around 6-7 tables,and theres a TV which gets you goin if you wanna see a match with your friends and keep munching on some reasonbly priced food...They only have outdoor seatings...So this place will not make a good choice if you plan to go here on a summer noon.. The food here was better than i expected it to be...I tried the Fusion Pasta and Pasta Arrabiata..I must say the quantity is sumptious..Tastewise too,it was delicious..After this we ordered a make your own pizza..The pizza was sub-standard..We had asked for 5 toppings and I had imagined the pizza to be filled with bell peppers and babycorn and stuff,but it looked like the toppings were just used for garnishing... Last but not the least,we ordered shakes..We were 5 of us and we ordered 3 different types of shakes,but more or less they all tasted the same...They were neither bad,nor that great either.. The service was bit on the slower side..Though the pastas came relatively quick.,the shakes took an eternitiy to arrive..To sum it all I'd say its a decent place to hop in if you want to hang out with friends or have some decent food at reasonble prices..
Rated He : Chinese food ? Check ! She : Good reviews ? Check ! He : Vegetarian ? Chuck ! She : Vegetarian ? Check Check Check ! And thats how we ended up here :p Mafia Kitchen (badass name) is a tiny pretty place sitting comfortably near Link View Restaurant (Link road). It is an attractive looking place having some neat decor making it a viable option for casual outings. The Food → 3.5/5 ♥ Pesto Pasta - Not a big fan of pasta but i simply enjoyed it here. It was cheesy with ample amount of veggies tossed in it. The quantity was surprisingly very large. ♥ Veg. Crispy - Staying true to its name, the starter was hot and crispy. Though a bit oily, the strong garlic flavour made it amazingly spicy. ♥ Lemon Juice - A very good option. Cool and Refreshing. ♥ Lemon Iced Tea - If Ice tea is your daily beverage, the iced tea here wont disappoint you. The ambience → 3.5/5 It doesnt depend on how much space you have. In the end everything depends upon your intent of pleasing your customer. And Mafia kitchen with whatever little place they have managed to create their space interesting. Service → 3/5 I got a whiff of trouble in their management which didnt leave a good first impression. However, their service was not affected. Everything was served quickly and the people there were courteous enough. The pricing was fair given the humongous quantity they served. Will surely visit it again to try something else from their menu card.
Rated Ordered for a home delivery. The guy who took the order was extremely sweet and courteous. Asked for a pizza and some veg Manchurian with garlic rice. Had high expectations seeing the lovely reviews. And it was doubled hearing the confident tone on the call. Alas!!!!! My dream of a decent meal just shattered. The pizza was miserably soggy n tasteless and the Chinese was absolutely inedible. Needs big time rectification in taste to match the ratings. Good luck guys. I'm sure u can do it.
Rated On every Tuesday after visiting temple while riding home i use to look at this place, and never taught of visiting it as the name says it all, mafia, for me it was all cut shop chicken mutton fusion, but yesterday i stopped by and has a look at the green circle in the box, means vegeterian, i was so relieved and gave the restaurant a try, the place looks like a shack, not much invested shack, as the ambiance is good, all wooden look, i ordered the panner stater dint remember the name as the it was not on menu it was special recipe , which was yummy, and delicious, and then we ordered chili rice and Manchurian gravy, which was great all together, they have lots of diff rents things to eat as well like pizza and sandwiches, i liked the place and would like to suggest it, drawbacks were they dint serve tap water, we bought 2 mountain-dew, i think they should start serving water, and it doesn't cost much, and they need to low down their prices a bit so a startup, becos all this cost me 590 rupees, for foodie people its great place to try out, if you need to stick their for long time you need to have more people...
Rated Looking from outside it dosen't seem a promising place because it is a very small place with just 4 tables. When we went there first we ordered Paneer 65. It wasn't that good to be frank. The Paneer was not much soft and seemed a bit stale. But the next dish we ordered was brilliant which was the creamy Pasta. It had a fair quantity and the taste was also very good. The cheese was nicely melted and even the pasta was soft. The Oreo milkshake was the best thing out of the whole meal. Overall not the best place to have dinner but fairly good. { THANK YOU }
Rated We were here at 3 in the night and we decided to order a barbeque pizza and chilly cheese toast. The food was simply amazing, specially the pizza. Chilly cheese toast could have been better but yes pizza covered it up. Do try amazing food and very fast delivery.
Rated Top class food and vary vast menu. Been there 5 times but never get bored from trying new things. Right from kathiyawadi to goan, you can find all type of flavours and species. Serving and presentation is also good.
Rated Decent veg joint with some innovative dishes viz. traditional items. Full marks for Palak shorba( butter must be made optional though) , and dal bati churma. Chapati & paneer vegetables are good too. Recommended.
Rated This place is one of the decent places in borivali for family meals. The interiors are well done. Probably another place to add on to the vegetarian restaurants in Borivali. I found the food a bit expensive. We tried north Indian and cigar rolls for starters which were average.
Rated Nice place ....with the choicest menu. Quite a few dishes r unique here so its def the USP of this place. The portions were a bit less to my expectations and price. The taste was good. Its a bit dark and gloomy in here for me as I like bright and cheerful places ....a few more brighter lights cld add more beauty to this place. But perhaps they have the motive of calm n serene looking place to relax. Overall good food but definitely expensive food. I wish the qty and price were a bit on the competitive side. Wish u loads of luck guys. Ur good.
Rated A perfect place to dine with your family. The ambience is also nice. The service was slow(may be because it was sunday evening) but the food was delicious. There are a wide variety of dishes. Must try things are: 1. Paneer on fire 2. Chili cheese toast 3.Dal khichadi At the end you also get complimentary pan shots which are actually good. So to sum it up Food: 4/5 Service: 2.5/5 Ambience :4/5 Varieties :4/5
Rated Nice place to go for dinner with family or friends. This place scores good on food, ambience and service. Last time I was here, loved the Paneer on Fire!
Rated Nirvana has been our Family Celebrations Partner for quite some time now ☺ of the Recent times we had celebrated my Aunt anniversary there which was Gr8 !! Being a Fine Dine ; it all kinda specialities but one thing which was our Rockstar Dish was Aam Ras and Puri in Summers at My Bday Celebrations and in the Non Mango Days the Khichdi with Multi -Grains Rocks !! The one thing which is kinda Icing on Cake is their Complimentary Paan Shots after the Meal.
Rated The perfect place for all Chinese food lovers !! A small resto located in the outskirts of ic colony, best for couples, best friends or mini families. The best dishes according to me would be Starters : chicken Mongolian, chicken lollypop masala , chicken crispy, if you love pork then go for the pork ribs Mains : kungpao chicken/ chicken chilly Go for the noodles as they're thin and go very well with the gravy
Rated FOOD 3.5/5 SERVICE 3.5/5 AMBIENCE 3.5/5 Choi Kim had always been my go to Chinese restaurant. You can hog so much at their reasonable prices. I've usually ordered for chicken crispy, which is my favourite here. Korean rice with chicken chilly gravy. You can also ask them to suggest you a good combination of rice and gravy. For soups I always go for chicken manchow. The service here is also good. Once, I ordered something with their suggestion and I didn't like it so they replaced it. It's my go to place for good Chinese. 😊
Rated Possibly one of the best joints in Borivali that offer good food at affordable pricing. Choi Kim offers a little bit of everything for all foodie types. Oh, they serve pork too :) Very good portions. Good food. Courteous staff. Overall, a good dining experience.
Rated It has been almost a year since I have come to this restaurant. I must say everything about it has improved. Ambience, food, staff are all pretty good. It is an economical place for amchi Mumbaiwala Chinese. They offer a pretty decent home delivery service too.
Rated A Budgeted Chinese Restaurant against the likes the of 5 Spice in Borivali West. Had been here on a Weekday & still had to wait for 15 mins to get a table. For starters had ordered Crispy Chicken which was OK as the chicken were little bit hard. The Korean Fried Rice & Hunan Chicken Gravy was really delicious with good quantity for 3 people to eat. The staff was very helpful.
Rated Very nice restaurant in the heart of I.c colony.Great chinese food.Good quality and quantity.I oftenly visit this restaurant with my friends and family.Small but worth for all chinese lovers.Do try Chicken lolipop masala dry and Chicken triple rice.
Rated Im a fan of pasta. If so are you, you're bound to be here for a finger licking experience. Binge on veg florentine gravy with penne pasta & garlic breads. Couple it with a nice mocktail served chilled to ease yourself in this hot weather. Classy place for couples &mas well as the chill gangs. Enjoy your meal!
Rated Previously China Town was at this place... Currently the ambiance is the very similar just the management changed... and come up with the new name... although this team is concentrating on the mexican and italian... we ordered chicken mince etchiladas... it was good. chicken paprika sizlers was also good to have....
Rated Visited this place with a friend a week back since i was really willing to eat good Italian cuisine. And i must say this place didn't disappoint me. It serves a terrific blend of Mexican and Italian cuisines. We had the mince chicken nachos which were covered in lots of melted cheese. Fish fingers being our regular favourites, be it any place, we never miss out on those. And finally we had the Alfredo pasta with chicken which very well satisfied the craving for Italian food. You might find it bland if you are used to having more spicy food. But if you are looking for real good Italian or Mexican cuisine then I guess this is a good place to try around Borivali area. Bon appétit!!
Rated One of the fancy place in borivali! Tried the sizzlers out there. Sufficient quantity. The taste was pretty good. Quick service. The only disappointment was the chicken being a bit stiff. Overall delicious.
Rated Excellent ambience,great food and good service is what you will find here! But i was lil disappointed with the lasagne, as it was made in pink sauce,but it was almost tasting like red sauce! Rest everything is perfect and also,it's value for money kind of place! Ambiance:4/5 Food:3.5/5 Service:4/5 Value for money:4.5/5
Rated 1st off -This is for the management. TEACH YOUR STAFF HOW TO SMILE!!! The waiters seem to be doing me a favour by talking to me. The attitude was not acceptable. Coming to the food. Why is everything only Salsa base. Was it a coincidence that i ordered all the dishes with Salsa base which include the soup , bruscheetta's and a taco like thing ( can't recollect the name)??. Also what were you guys THINKING playing HOUSE music if you dont have a BAR & have a family crowd sitting ??? SERIOUSLY WHO CAME UP WITH THAT IDEA?? You have got a good setup. Don't spoil it.
Rated Recently stumbled upon this very fine place ! La Basilico is a small restaurant with tastefully done interiors and great food and hospitable service! We ordered for hummus and pita bread to begin with...was very well made..and the quantity is a plus point! Cheesy fries were decent..though we had to exchange the first delivered dish because of the soggy fries but the second one which came was just fine..! In drinks we had a peach iced tea which was usual good..and strawberry mohito which was nice too! We ordered three cheese fondue which came with bread croutons and chips and garlic bread sticks...! The fondue was the star dish of the evening! Loved every bit of it..! This place demands a second visit to try a lot of other dishes from their inviting menu..! For the desserts.. We ordered sizzling brownie which was delicious too!
Rated This place was suggested by my friend and the name sounded so good that we had to try.. The only fault I found with this place was with the staff and somewhat the menu too. The dishes we ordered whether it was the nachos.. The tacos or even any other fish almost had the same filling. What hurt is not that we ordered the same things.. The staff didn't even find the need to point out that these have same fillings. Also to take an order they took more than 5-10mins.. The order itself took a lot of time to come on the table. Here's my review. Food variety - 3/5 Pricing - Reasonable. Quality - 3/5 Ambience - 4/5 It has ample of space so no issues there.. lancequadras.wordpress.com
Rated Dropped by this joint near I.C. Chruch for some soup and a quick bite. A nice quaint place with a nice fine dine ambiance. The staff is attentive and courteous. The menu is created to represent a wooden pan served on your table which shows a good touch of innovation. We ordered for a Rosted chicken pepper soup, the soup was a nice thick soup perfect for the light winter weather in mumbai. The only down side was the pepper was a bit too much giving a rather strong pepper flavour which overpowered the rosted chicken. Also called in for a cheese chilly toast,did not really like the garlic bread it was served on, as the pieces were cut to thick Overall would like to go back to check out some more dishes on their vast menu.
Rated Jafferbhai Mahim has been on my must visit list for long and now i am glad i could make it. On Friday, went with my sis to taste some good mutton delicacies. We ordered Chicken shawarma, Dabba gosht and mutton biryani. We just cant get over the Shawarma- absolutely amazing, possibly better than Al-Bake, Delhi. Succulent chicken with majestic sauces along with a well made tasty bread. It was an exceptional dish to eat in Mumbai. Dabba gosht was made with cubes of mutton marinated with spices giving it a royal touch. I have never eaten mutton preparation so yum and different. It was simply different, never ever made like this anywhere...more of a USP for them. Quantity was never a problem. Mutton biryani was a disappointment. Maybe i was led to believe they served best biryani in the area..thus increasing my expectations. But they could have Done better. Ambience and service was good. Cost: 800-900 for two foodies. Location is a plus. So guys, if u have mutton or shawarma on ur mind, u know where to go!
Rated Awesome mughlai food with traditional touch kebabs and curries , custurds are must try Majority of time I have ordered the food at my place The delivery was prompt and quick They have now opened a small dine in area Shawarma are equally good
Rated Initially when we visited this place, the food was good. Vegetarian was little tangy but taste was perfect. Few days ago we had our dinner here. We had ordered roomali roti, chicken kadhai, paneer kurchan ( as suggested by waiter) and veg.biryani. everything was good except for paneer kurchan,that was pathetic decision we made. It was a dahi semi gravy based sabji with lots of coriander seeds and chilli flakes on top. Dish was very disappointing
Rated When it comes to Mughlai..good old debaucherous meat dishes, Jafferbhais - (delhi darbar) is the bomb! I ordered from their Mahim outlet this time. Ordered nihari, paya, keema and haleem, all half plates to basically try what's good on their menu. Haleem is available only on Wednesday and Saturday. It was non greasy and not spicy and had the perfect amount of seasoning and pieces of mutton. Delicious. The nihari was greasy...well its nihari but it was slightly bland. The keema was dissapointing. Lack of flavours, was expecting the green mattar keema which is popular in the Grant road branch but this was just not upto the mark. The paya was not greasy and wonderfully seasoned but the paya bones could have been more tender. The tandoori rotis were hot and fresh and highly recommended. The chicken Biryani was a let down, seemed it wasn't given a good dum...and was far too oily. Overall I'd order the haleem and paya again. Not sure about the nihari. The portions I found were very small in half plates..esp for the price. Delivery takes time and it's better to order in advance on Weekends. They tend to run out of the haleem very often. Their grilled fare is better if you order the arabi tandoori items. Less spicy and less greasy...but no idea why its priced higher. They can definitely do better! For people in Bandra, this still stands out among all the other Mughlai joints.
Rated Jaffer Bhai - A place for Biryani Lovers. Being a Punekar, I have Visited Mumbai last week and decided to taste the best of Mumbai. My mumbaikar friend suggests me to visit Jaffer Bhai's Delhi Darbar for a dinner. Ambiance (3/5) - When I entered into it, Dark themed Ambiance was very good . We have ordered Chicken Tikka Biryani & Egg masala in main course. & caramel custard as a dessert . It took around 15-20 min to get main course on our table. Quality(4/5) - Biryani , Omg it just disappears when put on the tongue. It was Magic of flavors. But It was too oily also.Quantity- (5/5) One full biryani servred 2 men easilyService- (4/5) - Service was very systematic & proper.I will definately visit Jaffer Bhai on my next Mumbai Visit
Rated Though I had been to this place several times with my previous office colleagues last year..... the ambience is pretty ok. I particularly didn't like the down portion as it opens directly on the main road and their door is huge so many passersby notice inside. Nyways today these guys have made me fall in love with their food once again. We orderd chicken achari tikka and butter chicken with tandori rotis they were just sluuurp delicious. Though a little bit oily but if mughlai food is not oily then what's the point of having it. The best part was the chi tikka boti biryani..... only one word Amazing Amazzzing Amazing. Must try for all tbe food lovers and gluttony people who don't mind a few extra calories
Rated Had ordered paneer biryani, veg biryani and paneer malai tikka.. Licked paneer biryani and paneer malai tikka .. Yum. Veg biryani was ok. Overall happy :)
Rated Eat ONLY if you are ok with oil dripping from your meal. The taste is good but looking at the oil you really will not feel like looking at or eating the food.
Rated today i ate the chicken kheema sheekh kebab roll which was really delicous. have afcourse eaten everything on their menu since the day they opened and usually i always am happy and satisfied. barring one ocassion about ten years back i have never been dissappointed. of the desserts i like the phirni and the double ka meetha. i am quite fond of the mutton and chicken biryanis and always like the taste of the meat. i find it a little lacking in quantity of meat.
Rated Their chicken shawrama is the best! And trust me when i say that because I have tried many! It's been about 5 years now and I still keep going back for that! It used to be famous for biryani but I think that's fairly okay, I rather love their chicken bhuna along with roomali roti! And after you are all full order the delicious Firni! There is something about mughlai food and firni, with out it it's just incomplete!
Rated Finally went to this place with Vaibhav Dhote which was long due! We had ordered Java grilled fish with spicy sambal salsa and Street style spicy dumplings. I am not a fan of seafood however the fish was cooked really well and so were the momos. Although neither of them really lived up to my definition of "spicy". We also ordered orange and passion fruit sangria which was nice. The place is slightly cramped up. The little paintings on the wall gives it the traditional Chinese look.
Rated Amazing plcae.... Superb ambience and smashing food... Had some awesome starters, asian bbq chicken n chicken on basil leaves..... Their spicy hongkong chciken rice bowl was good too. . no complaints whatsoever... Portions are filling.... N their desserts are unique... Had sponge cake with toffee sauce and ice cream... N it was a perfectly balanced dish..... With the sponge cake , hot toffee sauce n cool ice cream.... I owuld definitely recommend ppl to go thr.. N im surely gonna visit it again!!!!!
Rated Mamagoto is an excellent place to visit for Eastern food. Maybe priced slightly on the higher side, but has good value for money. Mamagoto has good food, good dimsums. The portions are huge. We could barely finish our main courses. Food: 5/5 Drinks: 4.5/5 Value for money: 4.5/5 Service: 4/5 Definitely would recommend Mamagoto to anyone who likes Asian food.
Rated I really like this mamagoto, the ambiance is wonderful, its has a good range of pan asian delicacies to offer. I started with the oriental soup which I found a bit bland, the cripsy chilli potato was very good. The dumplings are good. Overall a good experience.
Rated The "go to" place for an asian fare if you are in the town area. Well lit and inviting with fun decor and food that is tempting and good on the tongue. Been to their restaurants in delhi as well and the taste never varies. Had the prawn tempura on the suggestion of the server which were great and the batter was oil free and very crisp. The lunch bowl was quite sufficient for the two of us and the service is very friendly and on time. The only improvements needed are in the beverages that we ordered, the mint and lemonade and the ABC juice, didnt like them much and surprisingly they were sold out on the desserts during lunch.
Rated This Mamagoto is my favorite! The ambiance is nice and slick! I have been here a couple of times and it has been a pleasure both occasions... The food as always is a delight and so is the service... They need to re-invent the menu soon i guess as we are now wanting to try something new!
Rated I wonder what's the origin of the name - Mamagoto! Should have asked the manager , which also implies that I will be visiting again sometime soon. :) Asian cuisine sans ajinomoto I hope :/ I stepped a Mini-East Asia within Kalaghoda. They have made a sincere try to liven up the place with the strong-asian influence decor and tunes playing. In fact, some of the paintings/posters were adorable! The service is acceptable. Though the seats are pretty close knit. I wish we would have been seated elsewhere because I was subjected to the worst nightmare - loud-mouth teens!!:/ Please don't judge me as a party-pooper. We all have been through that age , maybe I'm growing old. Ah well..though the ambience was better appreciated once they left, I was able to concentrate on the food and on what my fellow diners were trying to say. We ordered honey chicken for starters and it was crispy and saucy. Great dish! And opted for the Thai wok and hakka noodles for main course ! Nothing worth mentioning, it tasted good but not the kind of stuff I'll remember. Maybe next time I'll be luckier to find some quiet and taste something new.:)
Rated Been waiting to go here for a long time. Well, the dream still lives since I just got some food delivered to my office and the taste has just fuelled my desire to go here with my family very soon :) Got Veg Spicy dumplings, Veg pan fried noodles with spicy Singapore chilli sauce and stir fried greens to be shared among 2 colleagues at office. Quantity is good and more than enough for 1 hungry hippo :D (which means 2 really light eaters can feast on 1 dish) and the taste-mama mia! Every ingredient is perfectly identifiable and not a mess of sauces or overuse of garnishes! Veggies are crunchy just the way I like them, dumplings are crackling, noodles are not soggy or dumped in oil. Pure LOVE this is. Now I know why everyone keeps singing praises of Mama :) celebratemybeautifullife.blogspot.com
Rated Fusion food has always intruiged me! Mamagoto takes fusion food to the next level with innovative dishes with impeccable flavour. The decor here is extremely unique and vibrant. They also give top notch home delivery services with vacuum sealed boxes. So the food is still hot when it reaches you :)
Rated I had visited Zaffran with a bunch of friends last night. To begin with, their service is very very bad. There were no staff at your disposal, and many times we had to wait for them to come, even when the place was almost empty. Moreover, there wasn't any understanding with us and them with the food selection. The place though, no doubt has brilliant interiors and a nice ambience. The food was average. The Zaffran at Crawford market is much better. Expecting a better experience next time!
Rated Had wanted to go this place for the longest time and went for lunch today. Being a weekday restaurant was particularly empty and the service was quick. Ordered a paneer starter and biryani which was delicious. Ambience was good.
Rated Been here for a team dinner. Lovely place. Good atmosphere. The food was excellent!! Service was good and quick. I guess may be because today is a weekday? Food - 4/5 Ambiance - 4/5 Service - 3.5/5 We had the: Starters: Roomali Masala Papad Veg Galouti kebab (yummy. Must try!) Murg Banjara Kebab Main course: Gosht Kalimirch Dum Sabz Handi Zaffrani Butter roti Veg Biryani Dessert: Gulab Jamun PS: They do add a lot of tax to your bill!!
Rated Been there with a bunch of friends. The place was really cool. Tables with cages around it and other mughalai interior gave it a different feel. Ordered chicken tandoori which was really good with tender chicken. Chicken afghani disappointed me. We then had chicken tikka biryani which was average. Vegetarian food was above par. But the interiors kept us rolling.
Rated Zaffran is one of my favorite North Indian joints.. But I was visiting the one at lower Parel for the first time,and I must say it was a wonderful experience.. The ambience is simple and the staff very helpful,however there seemed to be some sort of confusion in general last evening and hence the service was a tad bit slow.. We order for the murg shorba which was warm and soothing,followed my murg zaffrani kebabs which is their specialty.. Tender and juicy pieces of chicken cooked beautifully in the tandoor and the flavors were just right.. Our main course was mainly murg mussalam with garlic butter naan and tandoori rotis. I would have actually chewed up my fingers too,it was that delicious.. The same flavor whichever branch you pick up.. We ordered a murg biryani and it was brilliant,the rice was so perfectly flavored that the fragrance lingered on even after it was over.. And the chicken was superbly marinated.. To end our meal we ordered a chenna payesh and it was served chilled and it was absolutely soothing after the heavy meal.. All in all it was a great experience and we walked out gaining a few kilos for sure.. However I would like them to work on the finesse,rest all was perfect.. Great going..
Rated Have visited the bandra outlet many at times ,but visited the lowerparel one first time, the ambience is very good, staff is very much courteous in terms of customising the orders. Coming to food, its superb, a perfect blend of spices is used.
Rated Food quality and taste is upto the name n fame of zaffran.. Even though small outlet very well furnished ambience ... Nonveg food leaves u licking ur fingers n plate.. Sweet tooth people can enjoy their desserts to the fullest
Rated If you are looking to impress foreign clients with good Indian Punjabi and Mughlai cuisine, this is a good option to try. The food, decor and staff give the feel of fine dining. In the appetisers, Achari Paneer tikka is a must try (5/5). The paneer is well marinated and the flavors are brought out in the way the cubes have been prepared. A suggestion, their chutney is a hidden surprise, which really supplements the appetiser, so do not forget to add that too. Vegetable Galouti kebab is another well prepared starter(4/5). It's very well minced and mashed making all the vegetables feel as good as one kebab. Again, do not forget to have it with the green chutney. We also called for the jaljeera drink which was a bit disappointing (1/5). There was an overload of masala which spoiled the taste of the pudina. A drink which can be avoided. In the main course, we called for the speciality of the restaurant, the Zaffrani signature Paneer makhanwala. A rich, creamy vegetable which is a bit on the sweeter side. (4/5) In the breads, we called for a garlic naan, roumali roti and a plain roti. All were well made, crisp and hot. The standout dish for me was in the last leg of the meal. The Rasmalai. A beautifully presented Indian sweet, makes my mouth water just remembering it while writing this review. It was served cold, sweet and soft. (5/5) All in all, a good restaurant, with a courteous staff, mouth watering cuisine and a pleasing interior. Only suggestion to management, improve the menu cards.
Rated Ordered online and got to say the delivery was quick. The Burger was really good with the Ham and all the juices literally drooping with each bite.. The fries crisp and spicy.. The chicken wings were good hope I had a option to make it spicy.. Was a little disappointed on the lemon grass drink.. But overall will definitely be ordering again. Hemanshu Kapadia
Rated Crave - A very nice small chilling place on the main road of prabhadevi Price per person would be approx - 400 So I tried their combo offer I had the burger combo 1) green machine burger - it was a decent veggie burger it was recommended by a friend the burger was not mesmerizing it was OK like you would enjoy it 2) garlic bread - like any normal garlic bread 3) fries 4) chocolate mouse - was simply brilliant with every bite it melted and gave the most amazing feeling that was the high lite of the meal The service was very friendly and nice I do Want to go back and try the pizzas Thanks crave team Sharan Shah
Rated This place was on long on my list as I love pizzas and wanted to try the pizza here. For the first time I ordered online on zomato. The order was placed and delivered successfully. Yay yay😊 online orders takes 45 mins so I had patience to wait for 45mins but crave amazed me😮 their order came in 25 mins. Wow super speed delivery every restaurant should offer. Ordered Mrs shah favourite pizza which was quite good it was hot only when delivered. For starters had garlic pizza with mozzarella cheese which was quantity wise but taste wise it was salty. Didn't enjoy it much. For desserts had blueberry cheesecake👌 thoroughly enjoyed it so yummy it was. Pricing it is on the higher side but food is good even. Thanks to zomato for their speedy placement of order👍
Rated A cozy little place to hang out with friends mostly,over a few lip smacking dishes,mostly a joint which serves a variety of Pizza,and make your own kind of place .Even though pizza might be thier speciality,they do justice to all the burgers on the menu,one delightful burger is the shredded chicken burger with white cheddar and also the lamb patty which is done to perfection n with a soft burger bread goes along very well.The french fries comes with a couple of sauces can also be called called done to perfection.The manager,the owner and the staff ,very few but still quite helpful.Talking about desserts,me being a dessert lover...didn't particularly find the dessert very impressive,a blueberry cheesecake .Overall the quantity of serving was also appreciable.Would like to go back in there...very soon.
Rated I almost want to give crave an extra half point, because it does everything right except put great food in front of you. The concept is great, the pricing is great, it looks like a cute coffee shop like little cafe. Full marks for bravery and innovation - i don't think there are very many people making a ricotta and mushroom burger. The food as well, has potential to be great with a few minor tweaks but potential in itself doesn't win you accolades. The Shroom Melt Burger (Mushroom and Ricotta) had this strong overpowering flavour of dried mixed herbs (which could have been omitted altogether) so much so that i could barely taste the mushroom and ricotta. It was way too strong. And also the burger was dry. The Lamb mince knockout burger was good (if you like keema pav or Indianized shepherd's pie) because that's what the flavours reminded me off. This one wasn't dry but again very very strong flavours. The (smidgen of) gorgonzola cheese doesn't quite work with these flavours. I would have liked some subtlety and balance rather than the Bang Bang. The cheese and chive dip and the fries were the best thing i ate there. Simple and totally delicious. Might go back just for those and maybe the pizza.
Rated Crave sets out to do exactly what it promises that is settle your craving for all the sinful carbs and cheesy food that lures us! But surprisingly it does so without being heavy on your stomach or your wallet! Stepped in here for a quick lunch today! Surprisingly I was alone and the whole place was peaceful. Sat down with the newspaper and ordered their lamb burger with Gorgonzola cheese sauce and bacon. The bread was thin just as I love it in my burgers and the flavour of the meat and the extremely light Gorgonzola cheese sauce was coming through very nicely! The only addition was generous helping of raw onions, tomato and lettuce. For a change I liked that the onion was kept raw and not sautéed it made the burger feel very light! I downed it with a lemongrass ice tea which was a very nice accompaniment. Overall I loved the place. I see myself hanging out here more often! Its really a good space to grab a bite and read the news and spend some time with yourself with a good snack!
Rated Ordered the rush hour pizza which was packed with chicken and cheese. The pizza crust and sauce were great as well. Delivery person mixed up with the change and I ended up paying more than what it cost. Deducted half a point for that.
Rated I have always been a huge fan of pizza. A big slice of bread topped with cheese and tomatoes sprinkled with toppings on top. Its like a party in my mouth that gets me excited every single time. Posters to make you smile @ Crave, Prabhadevi. However what Bombay lacks is a set of good pizza joints where you can just go and grab one to go or eat there. A situation I’m sure the guys behind Crave are trying to solve. Already open at two locations – Prabhadevi and Bandra – their aim is to be a high quality alternative to Dominos. This makes me very glad as there are just not enough Pizzerias in the city. ... Read full post on bambaiyaveggie.com
Rated Loved it!! Had ordered the Fudgy chococake jar with rice crispies!! Soft chocolate, creamy texture and the sweet crispies on top tasted yumm. I will definitely order more next time! The quality, the packing and the product is very impressive.
Rated It's fun to watch the ice cream making process with nitrogen here. The desserts here are unique and delicious. The pancake roll ups are innovative and probably the reason why I came to this outlet in the first place.
Rated New concept icecream must say...n yummiest..icecreams had jumbo doughwich which was quite yummy..the ambience is realli cool n also the process of making ice cream which is worth watch...looking forward for more visits.
Rated Taste 5/5 Price 4/5 The yummiest ice cream i have ever tasted. The taste was sooo good that made me take one more of the same. The best place to visit as soon as u step out of Churchgate station.
Rated We visited Papacream late one Sunday night, post dinner. By the time we got over the ever-prevalent Mumbai parking problem (dodging over-enthusiastic late night drivers and ducking under the barricade in the middle of the road in the process), we were so ready for a calorie fix. So, throwing caution to the winds, we ordered not one but two medium sized icecreams—the red velvet crumble and the salted caramel popcorn ice-cream. Let me say at the offset that I had big expectations from Papacream, having heard glowing reviews about it from various friends and based on the vociferously supportive Zomato reviews. The actual experience, however, fell a wee bit short. The red velvet crumble ice-cream itself was delicious. Unbelievably smooth, creamy and with a hint of the cream cheese tanginess in the background. For me, I would have liked a stronger cream cheese flavor to differentiate the dessert more from a standard, very well-made vanilla-ish icec-ream. The red velvet crumble was frankly unimpressive. It was a bit too dry and there was too little of it. Also, when I think red velvet, I think tangy, creamy gooiness and the gooiness was definitely missing. Maybe this dish needs some kind of sauce to tie the whole thing together? Overall, a delicious icecream with a lot of potential, but I expected way more from the dessert. The second sundae, the salted caramel popcorn, similarly left me with a bit of disappointment. It looked fantastic, with pieces of caramel-soaked popcorn atop two tempting ice-cream scoops. And, once again, the quality of ice-cream could not be disputed. But, once again, while it was amazingly creamy and smooth, I was missing a prominent salted caramel flavor. It could have passed for a dulche de leche, easily. The popcorn was a wee bit soft from having sat out for too long, probably. And again, I personally could have used a few trickles of caramel sauce on top! Big kudos to them for being super innovative in terms of concept, but somehow this failed to hit the spot for me. The place itself? Hmmm. A premium ice-cream parlour, I believe, needs to do more. The cute little Ferris wheel in the window and the bar stools in pastel colors are definitely cute, and the large kitchen aid mixers prominently displayed on the counter convince you that Papacream knows its stuff. But, the place is already looking a bit run down, and all that white color and pastel elements are beginning to show signs of wear and tear. When you climb the tiny winding staircase to the upstairs seating, a door on the left first opens into a very dirty loft which was left open to display copious amounts of dirt, electrical wiring and so on. In the seating, framed posters presented interesting facts about ice-cream but the overall space is too cramped, windowless and uninviting to be conducive to any long conversations. In fact, we were quite keen to get out of there after a short while. By the way, this place is not easy on the pocket. At 270 rupees per sundae for a medium size, that’s a fair bit of money to pay for something that doesn’t leave you salivating and with stars in your eyes. Overall assessment—good ice-cream, below average ambience and poor value for money. Would I visit again? Maybe, maybe not. Papacream has a lot of potential, but didn’t leave me itching to go back and get more.
Rated Its a beautiful dessert parlour. The decor is very english and fancy. I had the horlicks ice cream which was good and my friend had nuttella pancakes which she relished. I would love to go back for more!
Rated This place is expensive but its mainly charging you that much for its innovations i guessThe concept of mixing food with deserts can either be a big disaster or a great ice cream. Out of all I only like the pure chocolate flavoured ice creams. The pani Puri sorbet was really not good. The sushi roll was not good either but the ice cream with pancake and crepes was. All in all, it was not worth the amount spent.
Rated Strictly ordinary place....it's not often that one orders ice cream during the hot Mumbai summers, and throws half of it in the garbage bin. Had ordered Red velvet cupcake...lots of unappetising cream froth on top which had to wiped off before one started eating...very little cake inside...just loads of tasteless ice-cream with no richness in it. Also ordered Fresh Espresso in small size...couldn't even finish that...even this lacked any body. Compared to this place, Natural's seems like DQ
Rated Well it's summer time now and given the heat and humidity of mumbai, it's difficult to resist yourself from entering an Icecream parlour. I happened to pass by Papacream on one such day, and I couldn't stop myself from entering the place. The parlour looks fancy from the outside given the unicycle shaped seatings and quirky colours. As soon as I entered the sweet smell of different flavours of Icecream enthralled me. The feeling was amazing. It's all about creations at Papacream. Being my first visit there, I thought of having the simplest of the creations "The chocolate ginger cream brûlée". As soon as I ordered, the guy taking the order put some flavoured condensed milk in a blender and started blending it. At the same time he was adding liquid nitrogen to the blender to freeze it all up. You can feel the coldness of the nitrogen vapours as they condense. The best part is your Icecream is made right in front of you. As the blender stopped the fresh Icecream was scooped out and out in a cup. With the help of flame the top layer of the Icecream was caramelised and a toasted marshmallow was put on the top. It indeed looked amazing. The taste was awesome, the ginger and the caramelised chocolate was a unique combination, the upper layer being crispy followed with a gingerly sweet soft chocolate Icecream doing the sinful deed. The quantity was good enough for a medium sized scoop and the quality impeccable. To sum it all the service is awesome, the staff is friendly as they help you in deciding which flavoured Icecream you should go for, the ambience is neat and tidy, at a first glance you would feel you have entered "Dexter's laboratory" given all the gadgets and nitrogen cylinders inside :D. I would love to visit the place again. Loved every bit of it. Damages done: The Icecream sure is pricey and jam packed with calories. But if you do have a sweet tooth like me, I guess you won't mind spending that extra buck.
Rated If you like to experiment with food, you must come here. Cute little place with candy flossed interiors, its a sight to watch the ice-cream being made with liquid nitrogen, almost feel like a kid at a magic show. Tried the Virgin Mojito flavoured one and the Belgian Chocolate flavors, they were good. Really curious to try out the other flavors next time. However the portion sizes were not too value for money in my opinion, but that's the case with most gourmet ice cream places.
Rated A small joint —Munch, located in Mahim is a captivating place for all the Italian and fast food lovers like me. Although it has dining facility for 3-4 people at most, it mainly does it's business through home deliveries and take-aways. I visited the place after viewing it's buzz on zomato. For the food and hospitality I received, I'd say it is worth all the buzz. Pizzas, pastas, sandwiches, rolls, burgers — every food has a variety in taste for the foodies. The regular size Munch feast pizza is stuffed with enough toppings & is tasty & stomach filling. Among the burgers, Crusty Chicken Burger is a fit for king. Both red(mama rosa) and white(alfredo) pastas are recommended. The restaurant also serves combo meals at reasonable rates. The owners and other workers were very attentive and affable. Owner's genial behavior really made me love the place even more. I'd wish for them to acquire a better place and serve people on a bigger scale. Recommended to everyone!
Rated I have ordered twice from this place and trust me they are always late, good 1 hr they took to deliver. I have tasted their pasta and pizza which were good. Starting with pizza now I don't know whether it was because of the late delivery or that's how it was suppose to be but it was a bit rubbery but going with the overall taste and their topping it was good. Honestly they put good amount of toppings compared to other places. Overall a good experience tasting that pizza. Coming to pasta it was goooooood twice I had the same pasta Alfredo one with some delicious mushroom. If you don't know what to have for dinner just order their pasta it's so filling you won't require anything else.
Rated I couldn't go without reviewing Munch, thanks to Everything On A Plate for helping me figure out this place and their dishes. The Chicken wings, a bunch of lip smacking delicious wings along with their amazing dip. A must try for all the wingie lovers. Pesto (Pasta) another mouth watering preparation by Munch. My love for Pesto gives this a thumps up. Munch Meals, This is one awesome combination of various flavors in a bowl. Out of the four meals, I love their Chicken in brown Sauce. Great taste, Great flavour!!!
Rated Date : 7th April 2016 at 9.00 PM Dinner time, grubby , bored to go out for a bite , reach the cell, fire up Zomato app and whoop reach this place. Used the Zomato online ordering process which was smooth , easy and did exactly what a user wants. Ordered a Sandwich, Pizza and potato wedges. Pretty standard stuff. The pizza and the sandwich was good , especially liked the pizza. Right amount of cheese and toppings. The dampener were the wedges. Which were black in appearance, tasted re fried. So a complete NoNo on this one. The other thing that bugged me was the order arrived 10 minutes late to the estimated time. I am fine with it if I am informed which was not. Food : 3.5/5 Service : 2.5/5
Rated Have ordered from here a couple of times. Their Mega Munch burger is delicious with small chicken chunks along with the chicken patty, enough fillings and a spicy in house sauce. It had a strong garlicky taste though. I have had their lasagne set meal. It came with fresh garlic bread & a salad. The salad was a right mix of bell peppers,mushrooms, jalapenos & olives . The lasagne had coarsely minced , tomato based chicken mixture , well layered between pasta sheets. We ordered a Creamy Chicken Mushroom Club sandwich and a Twister pizza last weekend. Took nearly an hour to deliver. The Twister pizza was good with decent amount of toppings and cheese. It was thin crust just the way I like it. The Creamy Chicken Mushroom Club sandwich was heavenly, with juicy mushroom pieces & chicken chunks perfectly complimenting each other in that creamy sauce. But again too much garlic flavour. I would definitely like to try rest of their set meals. I do feel they can go easy with the garlic, the flavour can be a bit overpowering. Also, they need to work on improving their delivery times.
Rated Cheesy fries and a sandwich! You are sorted for a meal! Their grills are huge if you are going for a light snack, this is not your place :P They offer a lot of variety with salads and sandwiches at pocket friendly prices!
Rated Discovered this place at #mahim in #dadar west by the name #munch a small joint with variety of dishes in #burgers #salads #pasta #pizza #sandwiches and more. The burger I tried was crusty chicken with cheese and till the end bite it was heaven.
Rated Good food Quick service /delivery I ordered one of their meals, paneer in spicy red sauce Which consists of corn bell pepper rice, mashed potato and in house salad Quantity was good Food 4/5 Service 4/5
Rated Its a take-away place, there are chairs but they only make the place congested, take-away is how this place works. The food is good and the portion size is also satisfying. The meat content in the non veg burgers is on par with respect to other joints. If you like McDonald's you shoulf definitely give this place a try. However car parking can pose a problem. You wont regret the place
Rated First impressions count a fair bit. And going by that, Munch has made a great one. This even though I’ve had to order in due to work commitments this week and avoid some of the more tempting items such as the Pizzas. Now it’s definitely on the list of priority visits in the week ahead. Spoke to Ashlyn earlier in the week and confirmed that they would deliver to Bandra for a minimum order of 500.. Yesterday we took him up on that offer and appreciated his suggestions on which Burgers would compliment or negate each other. Mega Munch Burger was sheer delight as it combined the best of both worlds with a fine patty topped with whole chunks of meat. As suggested with Bombay Food Truck co. in one of my earlier reviews, would be nicer if they left the BBQ chicken as a whole portion to retain more juiciness but I’m not complaining as the diced up portions are full of flavor. Crusty Burger was recommended by Ashton against the BBQ (Since the Mega Munch already had this flavor to it) and they’re crumb fried chicken fillets with a southern flavor. The chicken was crispy on the outside and juicy in the center, just perfect. The peri peri sauce added a good twist to the fried chicken and I’d love to try this sauce with fries or wings in the future if these additions are made to the menu. Goan Spiced Burger was a reliable back up to the other two, again with a generous portion of chicken diced up. What turned out to be the best item ordered from here was the Creamy Chicken Mushroom Club sandwich. Loads of mushroom popping out of the slices blended in just the right amount of sauce. Easily one of the best grilled sandwiches we’ve had in awhile. Tasted fresh and unique from all the other fried egg + salami + boiled chicken club sandwich offerings. Will be a part of every order I make from here for awhile. Pricing was better than any of the options in Bandra considering the Burgers have no short cuts and all 4 preparations contained whole meat. The starting range for such burgers is 100 (Goan/BBQ) and our total bill amount came to 530. Delivery took around 90 minutes, very understandable given the distance, traffic and that this was the first time they were locating the place in an unfamiliar location. A final word for the genuine and courteous owner, Ashlyn. Very helpful to ensure that the order was balanced and provided variety. He promised to try and come personally all the way to Bandra since he was familiar with our location and could guide his delivery person. Also made a follow up call this morning to check on how the food tasted. I think they’ve made a brilliant start, much reminiscent of Candies of 20+ years ago and I wish them much success on this journey.
Rated So of all the million pizza places that exist in Mumbai, why does this place stand out? Their food is of exceptional quality, the ambience absolutely cheerful and the service top notch! They have a huge menu which spoils you for choices when you have to pick for a pizza or a pasta! The pizzas are authentic Italian and their list of starters is not the usual ones. Try their bruschettas and cicheti. And go for a nice Romana pizza to complete your meal. We didn't go for the desserts but they surely looked appetising. But what I enjoyed the most was their friendly staff and very satisfying customer service. Cant deny that its slightly on the expensive side but then so are most of the restaurants in Colaba!
Rated The pizza's here are amazing as they say it serving pizza's since 1965. The Formaggi 65 is an option to be tried. Others one are good too. The ginger fresca was very nice too, though we also called for Lemonade which was pretty refreshing. We also called for the cannelloni which was delicious; super soft and tasty. For desserts we just went with the Cheesecake the one they suggest here & was the best is what I think after I ate it. It was just so perfect, and baked the right amount. A good way to complete dinner.
Rated Visited this restaurant for a birthday dinner with a group of 10 people. Not the biggest fan of PizzaExpress in BKC, I was surprised by the great service and good quality of food. Maybe that's because the table was booked by somebody from the German Consulate but I am happy to try it out next time with non-VIP folks to see if there is a different in service and quality of food. I enjoyed a delicious pasta dish which was very tasty and authentic. Portion was pretty big and I couldn't finish it completely. gwendaglocalista.com
Rated I had gone here on a Wednesday afternoon with my gang of girls as we got to know that every wednesday they have 50% off for all women groups.We started with Dough balls as its a patent of Pizza Express accompanied by Iced Tea and Berry Fresco(drink made with assorted berries).For the main course we ordered a Margarita n Formaggi Pizza which was fresh from the oven as they have a open kitchen for the customers to look around .We had a hearty meal at a very cheap rate due to the offer.They keep having such offers every now n then!Its pretty expensive otherwise but the food is worth it!The service was quick and the ambience is also pretty n spacious.One can drop by at anytime to enjoy some amazing Italian food.Off lately they have come up with a new set of pizzas which i have heard is good!
Rated Another amazing place for settlement of my Italian cravings ..... In colaba near the gateway easy to locate... Amazing decor and ambience go hand in hand wid the music they play!! Coming to the food we had 2 starters and pizzas one was the Peproni and the other was a veggie pizza ...and for dessert we had cheese cakes wid the choice of ice cream... The food tasted yum and one of the best pizzas I hv had with d tinge of olive oil! My suggestion if u visit colaba and u love Italian pls do go here!
Rated It's no surprise by now that my love for Italian cuisine knows no bounds. Well, you should also know that PE has always been my prime favourite amongst the pizzerias in Mumbai! While I have frequented to their Thane outlet, this was the first time I visited the one at Colaba. Nevertheless, this visit is sure to be a beautiful memory for a lifetime, all thanks to my dear buddies who's sweet little gesture absolutely made my otherwise so ordinary a day! AMBIANCE: The ambiance is just wonderful.Just as you enter in, the clean and classy interiors, adequate lighting and the open kitchen right at the centre of the dining hallallowing you a sneak peek at your pizzas in the making, are all absolutely sure to mesmerize you! HOME DRINKS: Zenzero Fresca - 4/5 A thick, flavourful and so so delicious a combination of Carrots, orange juice, ginger and lemon juice. Yummm! (INR 150) Sunrise Iced Tea - 3.5/5 A delicious and refreshing Iced tea with orange, pineapple juice and fresh mint. Well done! (INR 160) FOOD: Dough Balls Doppio - 4.5/5 Thishas always been my favourite pick amongst the starters, ever since I had them for the first time in their Thane outlet. This one consisted ofa double portion of their famous dough balls served with 3 different delicious dips namely, pesto, pesto Rosso and garlic butter.Yummm! Perfectly done, as always!(INR 325) Emilgrana and Mushroom Dip with Dough Balls - My favourite dough balls again served with a warm, creamy and oh so cheesy mushroom dip, this one was a new entry in their menu. I couldn't try this one since I'm allergic to mushrooms, but my pals absolutely loved it! (INR 250) Polpette -2.5/5 This was yet another dish that I absolutely fell in love with when I first had it in their Thane outlet. This one comprises of Chicken meatballs in an absolutely tangy and lip smacking delicious Bolognese sauce with fresh parsley and served with warm dough sticks. Sadly, the one served here was a let down. Not only was the sauce a bit grainy and dry consistency wise, but also was it quite scanty quantity wise. (INR 340) IL Padrino - 4/5 A thin crust Romano pizza with a tomato and pesto base topped with yummilicious grilled chicken, mozzarella cheese, roasted tomatoes and chargrilled vegetables. Yummm! (INR 695) Saliccia e Pomodoro - 4.5/5 Yet another thin crust pizza topped with Pomodoro sauce (a classic Italian sauce prepared from tomatoes), pork sausages made of minced pork meat spiced with chilli and fennel, mozzarella cheese and freshly chopped parsley. WOW! (INR 715) American Hottest - 4.5/5 A thin crust pizza base topped with Pepperoni, Jalepenos, fresh red chillies, N'duja sausageswhich area spreadable variety of pork sausages from Italy having a fiery flavour, the classic Italian tomato passata made of fresh raw tomatoes and buffalo mozzarella, and finished with torn buffalo mozzarella, fresh parsley and chilli oil. WOW again! Superspicy and so yummilicious! (INR 725) DESSERTS: Owing to my friends' request that I didn't have a clue about, our attendant for the evening got all the three desserts on a single plate with birthday wishes for me carved onto the plate with the help of the chocolate sauce served along with one of the desserts. It took me quite a while to realise what exactly was happening and when I finally did, I was too touched by their sweet little gesture to even react to it! Chocolate Fudge Cake - 4/5 A perfectly moist, rich, glossy and so very delicious a serving of the chocolate fudge cake that they claim tobake fresh every morning was served with a scoop of vanillaicecream. Superb! It is indeed rightly said that chocolate never disappoints! (INR 325) Cheesecake - 4/5 This brilliantly done baked vanilla cheese cake served again with a scoop of vanilla ice cream was such a beautiful example of simplicity at it's best! (INR 350) Chocolate and Hazelnut Semi Freddo - 4.5/5 This one was an absolutely outstanding dessert comprising of layersof creamy chocolate hazelnut gelato, chocolate sauce, chocolate brownie, hazelnut chocolate cream ona chocolate cookie base served along with thechocolate sauce (INR 340) SERVICE: Right from the usher at the entrance, the manager at the front counter to all the attendants, all are very cheerful, friendly, kind and hospitable. PE ensures you a wonderful dining experience every single time! Only, the service got a tad bit slow towards the end of our meal as more crowd started pouring in, which needs to be worked upon! PRICING: The pricing is slightly upscale, but for their delicious, gourmet and authentic Italian culinary offerings, it all seems worth it in the end. Though you will seldom leave this place with an exiguous bill amount, the 'value for money' quotient for this place is high making this place a MUST VISIT for all the Italian food lovers in the city! VERDICT: Food quality - 4/5 Food quality - 4/5 Ambiance - 4/5 Service - 4/5 VFM - 4/5 Thank you PE and my fellow Epicureans for making my day! snehanvg.wordpress.com
Rated The moment you enter this place you will be struck by the wonderful aroma of Italian herbs and olive oil. Reminds me of my glorious days back in Italy. The pizzas here with the thin crust are simply delicious and there is ample variety for all. The toppings are fresh and tasty. The restaurant has good ambience and good setting for a peaceful dine out.
Rated Once upon a time, there was a proud, obsessive and stubborn young boy named Peter Boizot who fell in love with the authentic Italian Pizza and felt he needed to do more with it. So what does he do next? Decides to revolutionise the eating out scene in the UK by introducing pizza and casual dining to the High Street, knocking off a few walls in the bargain because his oven was too big for the door, and makes way for what we all know as Pizza Express today. The first ever one in Soho, London. So much has happened since then… 50 years down the line, they have moved to 13 countries and set up over 500 restaurants all over the world. Today, it is one of the world’s leading casual brands and they still continue to bring the great taste of Italy right onto our plates. I was so honoured to be a part of the Chef’s Table and get a taste of the newly launched menu in celebration of turning 50. This was an extra special occasion because it happens to be my all-time favourite pizza place especially when I’m feeling low, home sick and craving for comfort food. My experiences here have always been great. Never had anything to complain about and I’ve always been taken good care of. Started off with the new addition to their menu that has the goodness of carrot, orange juice, ginger and lemon juice. Very interesting combination of flavours indeed! It’s a refreshing drink for all you health freaks out there! Martini di Ananas Anything ‪pink I see and oh boy it gets me so happy! I was thanking God it had nothing to do with strawberry though! This new ‪cocktail is spiked with both my favourite spirits- Vodka and Bacardi, pineapple juice and grenadine syrup. All the ingredients in the drink complemented each other so well and it turned out to be one smashing drink that kept me high all night! Ginger Mint Mojito I’ve had this one before and it’s always been my favourite so I had to have it again. Bacardi rum, sprite, lime, mint and fresh ginger. That aroma you get from the ginger is truly blessed! After a couple of drinks and lots of chattering, it was time to brace myself for the much awaited starters. The new menu has two different kinds to cater to the tastebuds of both the vegetarian and non vegetarian eater. Antipasto Verde This was an assorted veg platter with antipasto, roasted tomatoes, rocket and peppadew, fresh buffalo mozzarella served along with basil pesto, pesto rosso and dough sticks baked with emilgrana. I obviously preferred the non- vegetarian option over this but that roasted tomatoes and the buffalo mozzarella, really stole my heart. I’ve never eaten such fresh, juicy tomatoes bursting with flavours at any restaurant before and the moist, fluffy buffalo mozzarella I could eat all the time! Antipasto Pollo e Gambero An assorted non-veg platter with pesto marinated chicken, prawns on stewers along with rocket, peppadew, roasted tomatoes, fresh buffalo mozzarella, served with basil pesto, pesto rosso and dough sticks baked with emilgrana. Meats on grills generally excite me and these were truly spectacular! Those beautiful, succulent prawns staring at me from the plate had kickass flavours and the pesto marinade was a real beauty. I’ve always been a fan of their signature dough balls, so the dough sticks worked really well for me too. Special mention to the sun dried tomato pesto sauce that accompanied the dough sticks brilliantly! It was now time to get dirty and messy, bringing out the child in me and watch as I attacked those thin,beautiful crust pizzas that Pizza Express is known for! Amore Nascosto A new masterpiece by the Indian Pizzaiolos that happened to be my favourite pizza of the night! A Romano pizza with speck ham, spicy N’duja, harissa marinated tomatoes, buffalo mozzarella seasoned with pepper and oregano & garnished with fresh spinach and creamy ricotta. That speck ham was absolutely stunning and a special mention to those juicy, flavourful tomatoes! You can’t go to Pizza Express without trying this especially if you’re a paleo eater like me! Arrabbiata Another new addition to the menu and my second favourite of the night! It’s a classic pizza with spicy arrabbiata chicken, fresh cherry tomatoes, jalapeños seasoned with oregano, black pepper and chilli oil. I fell in love with the perfect crust of this pizza which was not too thick yet not chappati crisp. Definitely a must have! D’ Andrea It’s got the special ingredient of feta cheese in it which makes it one outstanding pizza. A classic pizza with grilled chicken, mozzarella, feta cheese and roasted peppers. Total comfort food! Enough of the pizzas now, moving on to the next love of my life- Pastas Penne con Peppadew Started off with this beautiful dish of penne pasta in creamy white sauce with tangy-sweet peppadew, chargrilled vegetables, onion and garlic, seasoned with parsley, chilli flakes and emilgrana. The pasta cooked al dente got a big smile from me. I’m very particular about the way my pasta has to be cooked and it went great with all the other components of the dish so do try it! Pollo Pesto Baked Baked penned in creamy basil pesto sauce with earthy mushrooms, grilled chicken, red onion, mozzarella and emilgrana. It’s one of those dishes that will immediately pep you up especially when you’re feeling low. But sadly, the flavours were not up to the mark and didn’t really suit my palate. Linguine Ai Gambero a Pesto Rosso Tossed with crispy garlic flakes, chilli flakes, tangy pesto rosso, prawns, white wine and finally garnished with parsley & emilgrana, it was bursting with great earthy flavours! I loved how light this dish was and the texture of that ‪pasta was gorgeous. I’ve been obsessed with linguine lately so it was a win-win dish for me. This was definitely the highlight of the night and highly recommended by #MsYumTum How much ever I stuff my face, life has to end on a sweet note and it could not get sweeter than with this dessert platter that consisted of their signature cheese cake, chocolate fudge cake and tiramisu. The world knows how crazy I am about their cheesecake so honestly that’s the only thing I ate and finished every crumb off from the plate. I had a spoon of the tiramisu but felt the coffee content was a bit too much therefore overpowering the entire dessert and the chocolate fudge cake was nothing extraordinary. I’ve had better ones before so I personally would just stick to the cheesecake. Wow. Can’t believe 50 years just went by… It’s been 50 years of delicious food, unique experiences and beautiful people to celebrate and I’m so thrilled to be a part of this exciting, wonderful journey of theirs! There are so many lovely, interesting new additions that will keep you satisfied all day and night. So what are you waiting for? Head to Pizza Express right away! Now I believe I’ve told a beautiful story and I hoped you all enjoyed it. THE END! (The author was invited to taste the newly launched menu. However, her views are unbiased and solely her own.) yummyinsidemytummy.in
Rated So, DesignedBite was invited for a tasting to the Powai outlet of Pizza Express to try their new menu. Unfortunately I couldn't make it. So I spontaneously decided to go try it the next day at their Colaba outlet! It was an impromptu decision, hence we had to wait for about 35 minutes before being seated in a cosy corner of the restaurant. From my very first visit, I've always loved the feel of this place. Big, beautiful hanging yellow lights, mirrors and cool partition grills. We took a relaxed 20 minutes to decide what we wanted to eat and it's a great thing that the staff doesn't continuously approach you to place your order. But that was their behaviour in general. Even when required, it was pretty much a task to get their attention. Quite a laid back staff. I wasn't impressed. We ordered: Garlic Bread and Mozzarella Dough Balls with Mushroom & Emilgrana Dip Penne Siciliana Cipolla Picante Soft, light and so cheesy! You just can't get enough of this Garlic Bread. I felt really cheated that there were just three small pieces on the plate. Probably that's why we ended up with two of these. This was the first time that I was trying the dough balls. People had been raving about how amazing these are. Probably that's why I was slightly disappointed with them. But oh that mushroom dip! I'm not the biggest fan of mushrooms, but this dip was to die for. Every last bit of the dip was licked clean! So so yummy - an absolute must have. We couldn't decide between a red sauce or pesto base pasta. But went ahead with a red sauce Penne Siciliana anyway. Red sauce is my favorite, and I'm not being bias about this, but it was so yum! The sauce hit all the right highs - flavours, heat, consistency and perfect balance of hot and sour. Pizza express by far has the best thin crust pizza's. A super crisp, paper thin base, topped with onions, chillies and jalapeños. Absolutely delicious, the Cipolla Picante. They have a wide variety for pizza's and I'm sure none of the options would be disappointing! So go ahead and order away! Drinks: Home Brewed Iced Tea (Lemon) Berry Fresca Coke Probably one of the nicest iced tea's I've had. One which is refreshing and lemon-ey but not too much like tea. Just how I like it. Berry Fresca, a fruit based mocktail was a little too sweet for my liking. And the soda in it, too overpowering. How can you not have coke with pizza's? Last but not the least, we moved onto the desserts: Raspberry Sorbet After what seemed like an eternity, and constant reminding to the staff, our Sorbet arrived. The picture for this in the menu card is gorgeous and absolutely deceiving! It didn't look half as nice as it did in the picture. Ordinary presentation and lack lustre taste. The raspberry flavour tasted rather synthetic. Not a very satisfactory end to the meal. Food - 4/5 Drinks & Beverages - 3/5 Ambience - 3.5/5 Service - 2.5/5 If it wasn't for the laid back service, Pizza Express would have definitely received a higher rating. But negating that, the food here is great! If you're looking for good, authentic Italian food, this is the place to be! :)
Rated I have been to Delhi branch and I have been to colaba branch. Colaba wins over with all the points! We went there on a Tuesday evening and it was crowded, waited for half an hour for our turn to step inside. Pizza express and pizza by the way runs the pizza joints in the streets of colaba. We ordered pizza express. We tried the chilly chicken pizza which was topped with oodles of chicken, jalapeño, chillies and some mouthwatering cheese over a thin crust pizza. We enjoyed with a glass of red wine. To mention, Delhi branch (ambience mall) does not serve wine as of now. The service and the hospitality was good and the servers were well knowledgeable about what to serve.
Rated Never been to this place bfore saw the option of ordering online. I wanted to have gravy n roti so tried this place out. Ordered online thru zomato delivery took 55mins was waiting hungrily for my food. Got a call after placing my order saying they are out of rabdi so I can select some other sweet. Went with chocolate mousse. But the cost of chocolate mousse was less than the rabdi so the person on the other end said I will send 2 chocolate mousse. Voila he did send two mousse. Thanks for that service. Coming to my order I had ordered the veg makhani meal which had 3 parathas onion and lemon slice. It came very neatly packaged but quantity of the makhani was less n lots of vegetables but little gravy. Wished it would have more gravy. The taste was more of pav bhaji taste. It was ok not very good. But definitely enjoyed the chocolate mousse very yummy n not one but two😊. Will definitely want to try their pav bhaji was is of various types and service needs to be quicker.
Rated Try out their regular and cream Pav Bhaji. Pretty impressive and quite tasty. Please note that this is a Veg only place near the Lower Parel signal. Will update/add the review after trying a few more of their dishes.
Rated VFM - this vegetation place at the junction/Signal of peninsula Park is a good place to have some good , spicy food at amazing prices . From Wraps to Rolls to Mini Meal and Chaas , wow ... They have it all . Nice packing , came piping hot . Paneer Chilly Wrap - had the paneer been a bit softer it would have taken this to another level , juicy and spicy though. Corn and Cheese Mayo Wrap - @109 , don't think twice , just order it , its yum , cheesy , full of mayo and cheese , juicy .. I loved it . Masala Chaas - love to have this in this weather. Chole Rice - nice portion , chole well cooked just perfect , full spices , nice aromatic Basmati rice , Good. Paneer tikka Biryani - Again the Masala and rice perfect but Paneer could have been a bit softer . @ 179 its a meal by itself , nice pieces of paneer tikka though ! Metro classic Pav Bhaji - needs some more flavours to it .. Just about ok. Veg Makhani - Fresh diced veggies marinated in rich onion and creamy gravy , thick , lacked that tomato flavour but good . The combos are served with Papad and Raita which is good . Chocolate Mousse - ok Will definitely order or visit this place if near by for quick , chatpata , hygienic meal . Try it out - Recommend for sure !! ps. Portions size is really good !! prithvishashar.wordpress.com
Rated A little place tucked in near the main crossroad at Lower Parel. Equidistant from Peninsula Corporate Park and Peninsula Business Park. A little place, which serves different kinds of Pav Bhaji. I have tried the Thalaiva Pav Bhaji, which has a bit of a coconutty flavor. I have also had the Metro Classic Pav Bhaji. The combos are pretty filling, and comes with a Tawa Pulao as well. A decent place, overall.
Rated Went with a couple of work friends and had their pav bhaji. It was really tasty. We had also ordered the biryani which I did not like at all. So if you are planning to go to this place, I'd suggest you only order the pav bhaji. Also, there are different kinda of pav bhajia as well. So, try them all. :D
Rated Presently surprised to find them open on HOLI day. Food arrived in an ok time. Hot and neatly packed. Paneer Chilli, Amritsari Pav Bhaji and Paneer Tikka Biryani was good enough for 3 of us. Enjoyable food. Quick order taking, fast delivery, yum food are the usp's of Metro Tawa that I would recommend to my fellow foodies.
Rated Ordered online from this place. Thanks to zomato as without zomato i would have missed such a great opportunity! Ordered metro classic pavbhaji .. delivery time was just 25 min though they have written 50 minutes.. whole process was hassle free.. Those pavbhajis were packaged so well that we did not need any extra thing from the kitchen.. Now coming to the pavbhaji !though we opened the plates around 1 hour later.. It tasted absolutely delicious.. not watery, not too spicy, non buttery, enough in quantity, easy on pockets and yummy!! It was way better than most of the other restaurant's so called pav bhajis.. Will definitely order from here again and again and again ☺..
Rated Well when ever you are in a mood to have some zesty spicy chatpata amchi Mumbai kind of food ......simply order from here .... My brother had ordered tawa pulav /masala Pav n chilli paneer from here n loved the food ..... So today I ordered a special combo meal for myself to try ..... Wow ! 200 bucks n you are sorted ! So you get a veg makhani /3 theplas /paneer tawa pulav/rabdi jalebi!!!! As soon as it arrives you will be amazed to see how neatly it's packed .... It even comes with a thick thermocol plate/ spoon/napkin to have your meal !!! Neat ! So the veg makhani was a fantastic veg gravy dish with lots of veggies like carrots beans bell peppers onion and paneer in a tomato cashew cream based gravy !mildly spicy ! Just loved it!! The theplas that came along to eat with the veg makhani were fresh soft and non stretchy ..... the flavour of methi in them was awesome! Coming to the paneer tawa pulav ....it was oozing with fresh flavour of coriander loaded with veggies and paneer in a Pav bhaji masala flavouring ! Accompanied with finely chopped onions and curd ...it was a meal in itself ! Fabulous job ! Lastly the killer combination of jalebi and rabdi ended my meal in a sweet note ! A good delivery option in lower parel worli area fr "mumbaiya food" !! anandtiwari.in
Rated Finding a place to give group orders? Metro Tawa is the place. We ordered for 30 pav bhajis. Arrived on time, superb packaging and everybody loved the pav bhaji. So much so that we are ordering again day after and planning to try other varieties or one of the meal combos. Cheers👌👍
Rated Very happy with the service, food and packaging! I ordered Cheese Tawa Pulao, it was delicious. The prices are pocket friendly too. Good option when one needs to order in lunch at office.
Rated One more of those vintage looking Iranian cafes which these days are a rarity to find. A must go place for non-veg lovers, the menu has loads of options for you guys. Eggitarians will love their all day egg dish offerings all made parsi style. The menu has a full north indian section but i suggest going for the more traditional parsi dishes. The place tends to get crowded during weekday lunches because of the amazing food and an even more amazing bill. You will be surprised at how less you end up paying after a nice long meal. Needless to say if you go here do not miss out their Mawa cake! Like all parsi places they make it to perfection! I am gonna be a regular here for sure.
Rated Jimmy Jimmy Jimmy, aa ja! Another of those old school Parsi places that you can find only in Bombay! Good Parsi fare, and an excellent vibe.
Rated I was out with a friend for drive and that when we spotted Jimmy boy and I had seen a lot of check in's by friends. So I entered even though I was not hungry. Order the famous pallonji's raspberry soda and my friend order ginger masala soda. As we were not hungry we ordered for chicken puffs. The puff's were good (I am soon going back for authentic irani food ). The place was value for money. About place: it is a old irani joint which is simple and Charming. But the problem is that it is not very easy to find. About service: the servers are nice and helpful and get your order quick Over all: excellent (would rate when I visit for proper food)
Rated A vegetarian rather eggaterian by choice, and a parsi best friend I didn't know what to expect from this place.. (Parsi's aren't known for the veg food). But ended up ordering the Akuri, Sali pe edu, veg Dhansak and the Berry pulao. I've had authentic akuri at my friends place since forever and mind you this beat it hands down!! Polished the plate with the pao. Sali pe edu was as expected great.. Time for the main course. Dhansak was a bit different from what I'm used to having but we lovely. Warm and comfort food at its best. Another I've never had before was the Berry Pulao and was made fantastic.. Had some Sabudana Papads with the meal and tagged Pallonjis raspberry soda (the best soft drink you'll have). Ended the meal with some chocolate mousse, wish I'd called for caramel custard. Accompanying all of this was the music I've grown up listening to: old school classics.. All in all a perfect lunch with some great food. Definitely recommend
Rated First of all, a perfect 5 stars to their delivery via Zomato Order. Was promised delivery by 9.52pm and I got the parcel before 9.30pm itself. The packaging was excellent and the food was fresh. My order cost me 534 bucks, zero calls to the resto and zero waiting time. The hungry man was truly satiated. Big cheers to Jimmy Boy for their excellent delivery. Home delivery is one if the best methods to gauge a restaurant purely based on its food. I had ordered a Paneer Roll, a Veg Dhansak and a Boiled Egg Mayo Sandwich. First of all, the quantity of each food item was very good and I particularly liked the fact that the Paneer Roll was served in 4 well cut pieces. It was presented more like a spring roll, tasted and looked like Tandoori Chicken and had the garnishing of a vegetable salad. The freebies provided were lemons and a finely chopped salad of primarily cabbage and cucumber with the Veg Dhansak. I had a Dhansak for the first time in my life and it was good I had it from a Parsi resto. The Dhansak came with brown rice that was fresh with thick and long grains, two Veg cutlets that were neither spicy nor bland ( they were as calm and simple as my Parsi friends ) and a curry of mashed dals whose taste was smoky and mildly spicy. I liked the Dhansak. It is a very homely, simple preparation. Finally, the Boiled Eggs Mayo Sandwich was a delight. As if prepared right at home with creamy and gooey Mayo and very soft boiled eggs. It had a rich taste and is a must try for egg lovers. The sandwich is not for everyone though with its European taste. Final Verdict: I rate the food of this place 3.5 because it was pretty simple and homely food. Except the Paneer Roll which was good too however it reminded me of the 90's. The dishes I had simply aren't timeless. It was good food with good quantity and above all, a perfect delivery. Enjoy! Tip: No need for plates for the Egg Mayo Sandwich and the Paneer Roll.
Rated Hidden Gem. Serves authentic parsi/irani food at honest prices. The Service is prompt and friendly. They have nonAC and AC sections to dine. The bun maska, the patra nu fish and the non veg thali including chicken dhansak salli chicken parsi roti and absolutely divine caramel custard is totally to die for. They also have locally made Pallonji's soda in Raspberry and GingerAle flavors. Refreshing. I will go to this place again and again as this is perfect place which serves well to yout taste buds. Must go if you are in town.
Rated Finally had authentic parsi food at town's best Irani restaurant. Had Chicken Dhansak which was served with brown rice and chicken kebabs and I loved it. I tried Pallonji's Raspberry giner soda and it's not my type of drink 😬😜
Rated Had a good parsi meal after a long time . Simple ambience not so cramped and prompt service . The berry pulao and chicken curry and rice were amazing. Unfortunately it was a working lunch so did not indulge but yes I am coming back for more. Dont forget to try their RICH mava cake .
Rated gr8 ambience.... very classy place I mus say... well I visited here thru RWI... n i had loved der menu.... d options.... so i decided to go here... well... I was sure not disappointed... awesum... soup.... to strt with.... Thai kwai seafood.... loved it totally... den the appetiser was good enough... Fish was the best... just melted in the mouth... even prawn sushi... was nice... we had chicken dumpling too...den came the main course... which included fish prawns chicken.... all were good.... especially fish.. and the end part.... d deserts..... yummm... ch sesame pops were mind blowing.. all the deserts Infact were really good.... which included tiramasu, mandarin ch velvet cake, ch cherry bomb... Surely a must visit place for fine dining....
Rated Being here with friends. Ambiance is good. Food is awesome. Great interiors. The crowd in Mumbai is rocking. The place is always full. A must visit if u come to Mumbai. One of the top places....
Rated Hands down one of my ALL TIME FAVOURITES. Years have passed by, but the quality and service is impeccable! My favourite is the steamed fish with mushrooms in a basket. Of course the sushi and sashimi is fresh & I'm not a maki roll fan, but here's it's a delight to try these! A special mention for the very gracious staff members. Highly recommended :)
Rated Being in mumbai fr so long I nva visited Shiro and when I did I thought I was an idiot not to visit this place till date!! It's like waaooo. .....👌 From the ambience to the food to the bar to d service it's just fab!! We had a great time wid d drinks and d starters ..... The cheese spring roll....waao shredded chicken in garlic sauce etc etc ....wit chilled beer and frnds and a superb ambience like theirs what else u need!! And den coming to the dessert waoo the chocolate volcanic thing it was to die for!! Hands down one of the best places in mumbai!
Rated I am surprised that I hadn't been to Shiro for the last five years , given the fact that it used to be my favourite place during 2005-2010. Nonetheless I was delighted to see the place being as fabulous as it used to be . Impeccable service , fantastic decor and lip smacking cuisine . We went for wow tables menu and really enjoyed it. Be it corn soup , dim sums , maki mono or vegetables in black bean sauce . The best part of the meal was its desserts especially chocolate cherry bomb which was excellent . So pls go ahead and have a meal at a place you will remember for a long long time ! Highly recommended !!
Rated I dined at Shiro recently & was very impressed. To begin with, the ambiance is beautiful, the staff is super courteous & the service (which, I believe, can make or break your dining experience) is amazing. The Thai Food Festival being currently hosted at Shiro is beyond awesome. What was really refreshing was that the menu didn't showcase regular Thai dishes, but rather a variety of South-East Asian cuisine infused with classic Thai ingredients. Some of the must-haves are the Lobster in Thai Chilli Sauce, Steamed Chilean Seabass, Herbed Chicken Mince in Wanton Tartlets, Raw Papaya & Peanut Salad (this was brilliant. I don't like papaya but I totally loved this salad), & Jasmine scented Rice with Thai Curry. Also concocted especially to go with this menu are some magnificent cocktails with fresh, exotic ingredients. I personally loved the Roaring Dragon, which was a White Rum based potion flavoured with Mango & Chilli Flakes. Absolutely fabulous. All in all, the food festival is on for a couple more weeks & is definitely worth checking out.
Rated For a change, I loved Japanese food & that too for the 1st time. Our stomachs were overly satisfied with tofu, sushi, dimsums, ramen & what not...!!!! The decor of the restaurant is nicely done too.
Rated This is one of the most beautifully done up places in Mumbai. The interiors of this place simply take your breath away! The food here is quite tasty, and the prices a little on the higher end. The taste of the food isn't Japanese per se, but it's quite nice nevertheless. We had the salt and pepper prawns, Hanoi chicken, chicken hot pot with shiitake mushrooms, garlic fried rice and the noodles. Our overall experience here was very nice and I would definitely recommend this place to everyone!
Rated Great food - the sushi and dimsum meal is a treat! One serving is good for two ppl but we ended up with two and that wasn't a good idea because Shiro doesn't pack food or gives out parcels. We left only after we made sure that the food doesn't get thrown. Rather not eat at a place which wastes food. But the food is praiseworthy as is their ambience with clear running water and some eclectic music. Definitely relaxing on a hot exhausting afternoon. A calm oasis, if you would like to call it. A word of advice: if you are a small eater just order one meal esp for the sushi and dimsum meal.
Rated So i have been here 3 times and this shows that the food is deliciously finger licking. Loved the Prawns ... the decor , the staff , the ambience and the food makes it a perfect place to visit with family. Highly recommend.
Rated A place with a fine dine feeling on the third floor of palladium. The portions are huge so order cautiously if you believe in not wasting food :) . Papad platter was a turn off and soggy. Chana was great and chicken dhaniya masala was fine too. Rotis are also huge so you can go ordering one by one. The best part is that it's open when the other restaurants in vicinity follow time lines and are shut. So if you are hungry for Indian food at an odd time walk into this place. It's good to go once. Not too bad Location: 5 Service : 3.5 Value for money: 3.5 Taste : 3.5
Rated Decent food..!! Always a delight here.. Had Aam Panna with Non Veg Platter, Kadhai Chicken and Dal Makhani.. Yup.. Weird combination.. Everything was perfect!
Rated I went there with a colleague travelling from US. For drinks we ordered Mango Martinee n Fresh Lime Soda both were OK. For Appetiser we'd ordered a Non-Veg Platter which had Chicken Tikka, Malai Tikka, Lamb Chop n Fried Fish. The chicken tikkas were really nice n the Pudina /Mint chutney served along with it was awesome. I didn't try the lamb n fish but my colleague seemd to love it. For the mains we'd ordered Chicken Labandar, Daal Makhni, Butter Naan n Garlic Naan. Chicken Lababdar was good but lil bland n I am not complaining as we'd asked it to be made that way so that my Gora colleague could enjoy it. Daal Makhni wasn't any great Didn't like it. Garlic Naan was too soft n thick, Butter Naan was better. They also offered a Paan shot after the meal which was quite refreshing. The portions are pretty big we couldn't finish mains among three of us. Now the ratings Food - 3.5 Ambience - 4 Service - 3.5
Rated As they say it is all about having a good time when your at a Punjabi place The ambience : The lion logo invites you to some good food. The place packed with families. The food : We started with veg kebab platter ( Amazing variety and delicious ) , next we called for paneer tikka ( soft and melts in your mouth ) , For the main course we called for Naans ( soft) , Paneer kadhai ( perfectly made ) and another regular sabzi.We also called for dal which was great. The highlight was the desert platter ( which left us tongue tied). Last came the paan shot ( liked it) The service : Polite and very very efficient staff! kudos to the chef! Overall,I totally want to go back here again for some great North Indian food!!
Rated Had been last week , The place is located in Palladium mall, good ambience, very spacious seating. Coming to good, taste and presentation both are good. will visit again soon
Rated Had gone to Punjab Grill long back but writing the review now. This restaurant is on the 4th floor of the Palladium mall right next to the coveted Pa Pa Ya and Foodhall. Punjab Grill (PG) for me resonates the amazing Dal mahani or Maa ki dal that we get in Delhi and so I had been wanting to go here since forever. Well the ambience is classic, not as grand and great as their outlet in Select City Walk, Delhi. I found it very average for a fine dining restaurant. The place has become tad old and the wear and tear can be seen in places and corners. The cutlery was great and so were the table aesthetics. Visually appealing! The table we got was a little disappointing even after booking in advance. It was a seat overlooking the kitchen and tandoor which made it hot and right in your face food cooking. I would prefer a booth next time I book here for sure. Now to the food - well what can I say! Let's start from the starters - we were a table of 4 foodie veggies and we ordered their papad platter - yum and crisp, paneer tikka multani - juicy, succulent, well marinated and just plain yum special mention to the super soft panner which was just melting in our mouths, dahi ke kebab - crispy and okay but lacked flavour, bharwaan aloo - again super yum and a must order and lastly the veg kurkuri - this needs a separate section since it was really tasty, visually beautiful and had such good and complex flavours. Overall a super start to our dinner. Now to the main course - Needless to say we were full, but hey what's Punjabi dinner without your buttons popping out? We ordered the Paneer lababdar - this was a thick tomato gravy with soft paneer, onion and bell peppers obviously quite tasty and a must order. Next, was Subz milniyan which is mixed vegetables in a semi dry gravy - this was okay and you can give it a miss. I have had better at local restaurants. Lastly, Dal makhani!! Well to be honest, it was nothing like their Delhi outlets. So I obviously was very disappointed, since I just wanted a good paneer tikka and dal. Others found it good, but I probably shared a bowl with my husband. Breads - fresh, crispy, flaky and buttery what more do you want in them? They are big pieces so be mindful of your order. Service - Our wait staff was excellent and so was our server. Very knowledgeable and attentive. They made sure to ask us how the food was and when I gave feedback for the dal, they insisted that they will replace it and even called the chef to figure out why I did not like it as much. Talk about customer service! It is an expensive fanfare and I guess we paid around 5k or more, but totally worth the visit once for their food. Will go soon for their paneer tikka!
Rated So you had a long day at the mall with hand bags loaded with clothes,shoes and everything fancy and you just end up craving for some good old North Indian gourmet food,well then Punjab Grill is the place to be.This wasn't the first visit to this place for me and with food so scrumptious,I'm sure it won't be the last. Food ---------- So this time we weren't really in the mood to have any of the items from the grilled section as my mum and I were both craving for Rice so we directly ended up skipping to the main course.We ordered for the Tarkari Kesari Biryani and the Dal Punjab Grill from the vegetarian section and the Dum ki Biryani(with chicken)and Kadhai Murg with a vegetable Raita for the non-vegetarian option.All of the items were delectable to taste and every bit of it was perfect right from the beautiful aromatic Biryanis to the tadke waali Daal.If I had to pick a favourite from among the four,I would definitely go with the Kadhai Murg,the chicken was nice and tender and cooked delicately with the right amount of spices making it finger licking good.We ended our meal with complimentary paan shots offered by the restaurant which I must say was a nice touch to the whole Mughlai/North Indian concept of ending a good meal with a paan. Ambience ---------- The place is warmly light with ornate chandeliers hanging from the ceiling at regular intervals with a nice yellow lighting giving the area a nice cozy feeling.One also has the option of choosing a regular table to a private booth at this resto.The open kitchen where one can see the huge dums filled with Biryanis in the process of being cooked is also worth noticing. Service ---------- The staff over here really know their menu very well,and their suggestions are always worth a shot.Their kind and courteous behaviour really adds to the whole pleasant environment that this dining house has to offer. So overall,I'm giving this restaurant a rating of 4.5 and this place will definitely be on my recommendation list.
Rated The decor of this place is what I feel attracts people to it. The decor is really elegant and soothing. But don't be surprised if the food doesn't turn out to be that good. For the starters I had the chicken kurkuri which is basically minced chicken and cheese in a crispy covering served fancily in a honey chilli sauce. It was okay as I really couldn't taste the chicken in it and we had to ask the guy if he'd mistaken our order to be the veg one. This was followed by chicken tikka which was nicely flavoured and decent but again, nothing too great. Ensuite, we had the chicken biryani which had a nice aroma and the flavours were light and nothing heavy. At the end of the meal we were served with paan shots which is meant to be a mouthfreshner after the meal. The idea is really innovative and it actually tastes good. Over all it was a good experience, however much more can be improved on the food and taste front. Compared to the food they serve, the price is a little bit on the expensive side.
Rated The big filler sandwich, pizzas and shakes are great. Tastes good and thr best part is, its healthy so your conscience wont ache later. Brown rice combos are average since gravy is not upto the mark. Pastas are also worth trying. Good value.
Rated Offering a range of healthy juice concoctions and an even healthier spread, this is the place to visit if you're diet conscious like me. The fruit juices are as fresh as they can get! I dig their stores in juhu and malad, tiny and yet so accommodating! :) And the staff is quite amicable too. I'd definitely go back for some fruit shots!
Rated Awesome place ... You could get a healthy meal even at 12 30 at night And the staff is very sweet the delivered it at 1 am - 2 amazing strawberry milkshakes and a salad.
Rated This is a small place in Juhu. All the food available here is supposed to be " healthy". The pizza base is made put of grains. Although it seems like you are having pizza toppings on a biscuit! Never the less the place is small and nice. The service can get quicker.
Rated A juicy affair.. I love this place because of refreshing juices and a very comfortable place to sit and chill with friends/ family with a natural fruit juice. Ordered for white sauce penne pasta (must try), masala sandwich (spicy.. Not bad). In juices ordered for watermelon juice and my all time favourite mosambi juice.. During summer also try their mango juice it's superb. Ambience is good to chill and if you ain't looking for hot beverage and something different from the and coffee then this is the place to be.. Cold juices and good food.. Must try Quality 8/10 Quantity 8/10 Food 8.5/10 Juices 9/10 Ambience 7/10 Service 8/10 Must visit 😄
Rated A hidden find! A blessing! A reason for rejoicing! A thing of beauty and health! This place has a very phenomenal vibe to it and although 'tiny', literally - it offers a 'robust' menu! Ordered a #PopyePasta @ INR 120 - a steal! Extremely healthy and yummy. Although, an acquired taste, I'd say. Do not order this one, unless you're willing to experiment! The best place if you're watching your weight and want a lip smacking meal or snack. Pishu's, Juhu has a seating area for only 2 tables - so go and grab yours quickly!
Rated Its a very small cafe with good variety of healthy food The best part is that everything on the menu tastes delicious and very reasonably priced. Mulberry shake is a must must try
Rated Some healthy food joint in juhu after ages!! I hope they stay on, as whatever has opened in this same place has vanished after a few months. We hadn't ever tried Pishu's, so were pleasantly surprised when we saw the menu had much more than juices. The pizza base was a bit too crunchy but that's bcoz it was made up of all healthy ingredients. Besides this, each and everything we ordered was excellent. Cheesy Maggi was really cheesy. The juices were beyond excellence. We tried variety of them and all were good. We ordered a sandwich which was too much of masala, and the chef took it back and made it again. It's a very very small place, more like a small alley! So don't go with hopes of sitting n enjoying for a long time. Though if the weather is good, u can sit outside on the benches and have a good chat. Inside there are stools which are comfy for a short period of time only. Overall a great experience and we are sure to go again.
Rated At a first glance, this place might seem too small but it really packs a punch when it comes to its food. The pasta and the multigrain based pizzas are amazing for the price! The burnt garlic pizza in particular was delicious. The drinks could be better but for the cost that it charges for the food, this is definitely a college group's choice! Just make sure that your group isn't too big for the place ;) Cheers :)
Rated Finally Pishus has opened its 4th outlet in Juhu .. I don't have to say much about this wonderful cafe as everyone knows they have wide varieties of healthy food refreshing juices ,salads ,sinful shakes & mouthwatering meals u can't get enough with their entire menu, each outlet is colour coordinated with its brand plus their graftie wall to their chairs in Malad & Juhu the whole idea of their cafe is loved by all .. Very happy with this new venture in Juhu & im sure with everyone's support Pishus Wil reach very far.. With many many many more outlets ..
Rated A charming place with great wooden interiors and amazing effect of lighting along with some creative decorations and hangings. The food menu is unique, not something you will find at every other restaurant but the options are less, is what I personally felt. All the dishes are a combo of many ingredients which are fresh, healthy and organic, served in really well presented plates. But the taste was just average and a bit bland too for my taste. The dessert options are great though and the tart we ordered was simply delicious. Visit this place for its ambience and overall experience.
Rated This place has the best location and ambience in hiranandani, powai. The red wine Shangri-la was very nicely made and so were all the baked dishes. The desserts are a surprise.
Rated Food - 3.5/5 Ambience - 4/5 Service - 4/5 Value for money - 3/5 Have visited this place a couple of times in the past but writing this review solely for the breakfast/ brunch we had today. Firstly, there are very limited options for an eggitarian like me. I went for the greens scrambled eggs and it was not something suited for my palette. It was barely edible. My husband tried the Belgian ham and cheese omlette and he really liked it. We also called for a croissant and blueberry smoothie which was perfectly made. Loved the ambience and the presentation of food. The service was prompt but it had to be so given that there were few patrons even though it's Sunday. From my past experience, steer clear from anything that has Belgian chocolate here be it the Belgian waffle or Belgian hot chocolate..it just doesn't taste right!
Rated Delicious food, the perfect ambience and great menu. I loved the food here and their presentation. Celebrated my best friend's birthday there and loved it.
Rated A lovely place in the heart of powai! The ambiance is pretty and warm, and gives the impression of a French cafe. The food too is pretty impressive. Here's what I ate: Tuna salad tartine which was okay, chicken Cobb salad with blue cheese and bacon bits in a green tea dressing(yum!) for appetisers. Kasundi mustard basa with quinoa and red rice risotto, and chicken scallopini with spaghetti and lemon sauce for mains. Both the mains were spectacular, to say the least. The fish was delicious as was the sauce with the chicken. For dessert we had the Belgian chocolate brownie (can't go wrong with that) and baba au rum. The latter was a little disappointing as the taste of rum was hardly noticeable. All in all, a great place to head for a fancy meal.
Rated Le Pain Quotidien ! Located in the heart of Powai , LPQ is one of the best places Powai has ! The place is well made ! Gives you the vibes of the cafes the London and Paris ! The Dim litting and wooden furniture adds to feel of the place , Also the tables are spaced out well , thus its a perfect place to have a good conversation over dinner and drinks ! Now for the food - Amazing ! They have an interesting menu of mains and salads . So we called for the Mushroom Risotto and the Spinach and ricotta Ravioli with garlic Bread . The mushroom risotto was the best ive ever eaten till date ! The Ravioli was served with Thyme butter and a pink sauce which was yummy too . The food quantities are also good enough to share for two people and doesn’t pinch the pockets too much . We also tried the soft centered Chocolate cake which was good , but not the best ive eaten . Could have been better . They also seem to have a good collection of wines , which I would definitely want to try on my next visit . All in all a good place , and will highly recommend its for the food quality and service . Ambiance – 4 /5 Food – 4.5/5 Music – No music Drinks – 4/5 Pricing – 4 / 5 Yash Sanghvi
Rated Supremely good. If you are in a group or even alone (and not driving) start with a pitcher of sangria (I liked the white wine one) and amazing garlic bread. If you are fish lover try the fillet of freshwater tilapia it was just amazing (not filling for which you can order some sides). Even the chicken burger was great. The veggie items are not that good so be careful. Great ambience, attentive staff and relatively quick service. I will definitely try a brunch there sometime soon.
Rated You wouldn’t know it was there unless you already knew it! LPQ in Powai is housed within the Rodas Hotel on the first floor and you have to actually walk into the hotel and up a flight of stairs to access it. But despite the odd location, LPQ in Powai is perhaps the best manifestation of the chain’s commitment to wholesome, delicious food made with the highest-quality ingredients. The décor very much adheres to their trademark, wood-centric look, with classy wooden flooring, tables and shelves. Right at the entrance, a standalone wooden rack showcases their tantalizing fresh-baked bread. Unfortunately, they sell very large loaves; else, I’d definitely have taken some home! There’s really temptation at every corner, because look left and you are assailed by the sight and smell of their pastry counter! Dainty sweet treats line the glass shelves and you’re immediately convinced that it would be a crime not to partake of these. In the main area of the restaurant, a large communal table takes center-stage, accessorized by adorable little black hanging lamps. The tall windows encircling most of the restaurant look onto a busy Powai intersection, and a table by the window allows a bit of peace and quiet with a peek at the outside world. Bright, multi-colored glass panels that liven up the space gird the kitchen counter along the other side of the restaurant. We visited at lunchtime, which prevented us from availing of their drinks menu, but we definitely dug into the food with gusto! I started with the Omega 3 avocado mash tartine, which was absolutely delicious. The tartine is basically an open sandwich made on sourdough bread. The bread itself was soft and fresh, as is always the case with LPQ Breads, and the subtle sourness was rather salivating. The real winner, though, was the avocado mash on top made out of the best quality, soft, buttery, sweet avocados—the flavor and texture of the avocado worked wonders with that bread! This came topped with goji berries and sesame and served with a slice of lime, each element adding bright colors to leave the dish looking pretty as a picture. It wasn’t just about the presentation, though. Squeeze the lime on top of the tartine and bite into it, and you have a celebration of earthy, home-cooked, fresh goodness in your mouth. The delicious bread, the amazing avocado mash and the goji berries hovering somewhere between sweet and acidic all work together to elevate this from a simple open sandwich to a really high-quality plate of food! For the main course, I opted for the spinach and ricotta ravioli on the recommendation of the waitress. And boy, was I pleased! The home-made pasta didn’t disappoint in its soft, thin and silky smooth texture. Inside, the perfectly seasoned and delicious filling had the perfect balance of creamy ricotta and cooked spinach—break open a piece of ravioli and this yummy mixture greets you with its fragrance and color. The dish was cooked in a rich, butter sauce that was perhaps a bit TOO rich for my liking but I really can’t complain about that! The butter added to the silky mouth feel of the pasta, and its saltiness complemented the spinach perfectly and the liberal amounts of thyme added new dimensions to the flavor. The sundried tomatoes were perhaps too few to really add much to the dish, but the liberal amounts of arugula on top was a winning idea. Swirl a bit of ravioli around in the butter, pick up a piece of the rocket with it and you have a perfect pasta dish with the crunch and nuttiness of the arugula and sinfulness from the butter. Perfect! My friend got the pan-seared basa, but I can’t comment on that since I didn’t eat it! Unfortunately, we had no room for dessert so didn’t even aspire to look at the menu. But, I can’t to come back for some of those cakes! At 1,600 for two for two mains and an appetizer, this isn’t cheap but it’s a price I’m more than willing to pay for the quality and taste of the food they serve. The service too, was polite yet friendly (bit of a delay in serving us the bread basket, but otherwise good) and it’s the kind of restaurant you could frequent with a group of friends, with family or on a date and be sure you’d be well taken care of. I’ve got my eye on those breads and desserts still, so LPQ can be sure they will see me again soon.
Rated Le Pain Quotidien is located on the first floor of Hotel Rodas on the busy Hiranandani Galleria circle.. The place is : well lit with warm lighting, huge windows and tables overlooking Hiranandani roads. The place gives one a fuzzy feeling. You immediately feel welcomed. Centre of the restaurant is a long community table for big parties. Entrance has lovely arrangement of leather sofas, set with a small table. Excellent place for some coffee and conversations. Staff was present at the door to seat u at the table. Always around but invisible at the same time. Food : Mac n Cheese By far the best Mac n Cheese. It's a take from America but with a funk you will fall in love with. Cheesy n flavoursome. Right amount of parmesan sprinkled over and baked to give this lovely toasty flavour. Lamb Stew: Served inside a huge round country bread. Bread was caved from inside and mutton stew was served it in along with a side serve of coriander rice. By the end of the meal, some of the delicious gravy was soaked into the bread. Toward the end of the meal, the bread bowl didn't survive either. Scrumptious and heavenly.. A must order. Kasundi Basa: Fish was fresh and cooked to perfection. It crumbled at the touch of the fork and not dry at all. Clean on the tongue. Red rice complimented the dish. Tenderloin Steak: My search for "the" flavoursome meaty taste of a steak continues. Chicken Burger: Awesome.... Patty was not one bit dry. It carried this awesome zing of spice which continued to play on your tongue, making u want to go on to the next bite, and another and another... We left the place feeling happy, dazed and oh so full. The way you feel when mommy over feeds and u have a smile on your face at the end of the meal. We were too full to try desserts... Calls for another visit soon enough....
Rated A classic French restaurant with a good ambiance and a nice place to go for lunch/brunch. They have “know your food” snippets on the menu that helps you get to know more about French cuisines and LPQ in general. Although it wasn’t available on the menu we asked for the Belgium Chocolate Croissant and the chef duly obliged our request. I would also recommend the Homemade Spinach and Ricotta Ravioli – one can really enjoy the dish blended with the unique taste of sun dried tomatoes. For the wine enthusiasts they have a variety of red and white wines along with happy hours on sangria. They also provide you with the “Pick of the Season” which gives you a briefing on a particular winery.
Rated Non vegetarian paradise that's what defines this place. Aptly described as Meating point. Pork ribs, sausages, schnitzels, beef, pork, fish..... Just leaving you confused and wanting more. The pork ribs are one of the best I have had in a long time, so is the sausage platter, bratwurst with an amazing mash, cordon bleus of all varieties and bier fish were as good as it gets. Drinks are moderately priced too.
Rated Went to this place in the evening with a friend of mine. Ordered three-in-one cutlets, which had duck, beef and pork.It was served with french fries and a sausage. They serve variety of hard and soft drinks as well, to go with the starters. Next we ordered grilled chicken which was served with rice and veggies. Amazing experience!! Decent service and ambience, overall good value for money. I wish to clarify here that this place is a hub for meat lovers. So guys who have restrictions on food or objections to stuff pork, beef etc etc may think twice before dropping in there.
Rated Good food.. not that great drinks but chilled out place to hangout in colaba. but too confusing to find as it says it.is opposite to camy wafers but.it located in a building where i had to go around.the building to find the. they should work.on directions. Coming to the food the meat platter (cold dish) was amazing had a burger that was average nothing great about it.. Service is completely disappointing. No attention and basics like water.refilling was also not done. May be it is better i will go again and give it a second try
Rated This is one of the few places in Mumbai which I and my Tue Gang love the most, any time asked to go to this place will never say no any of us. We group of friends called tie gang frequently visit this place specially for their food. Best German and Continental food they serve. The quality is superb and the quantity is perfect and the ingredients and meat they use and is cocked is also perfect. Mainly for Non vegetarians i recommend this place. If you want to try something different you should go. Their spare ribs are awesomely cooked with perfect sauce. One of our favourite. The chorizo rice, German grill chicken, roast beef and many more dishes are super tasty. Even this place is known for variety of beers and sausages. I like their tag line too "Imbiss The Meating Joint".
Rated Imbiss is a meat lovers heaven. Had been here with a couple of my friends. We had ordered Pork roast shoulder , Hungarian gulash, Prawns with garlic and rosemary, Grilled German chicken, & Chicken cordon bleu. Have to say the quality of the meat,the tenderness and the freshness was evident at the very first bite. The precision with which the meat was cooked was way better than I had thought. Have to say if you are a meat lover and not a typical chicken Biriani types of person please visit this place. They have an awesome collection of beers which was the icing on the top.
Rated Definitely a Meating joint as they claim it to be. This place is a paradise for meat lovers like me as they have red meat as well. We ordered for rabbit stew with chilled beer, along with that they complimented us with something red which I absolutely don't remember right now. Definitely will recommend this to my peeps Overall an experience :)
Rated I stumbled across IMBISS on Zomato while out with my friends in Colaba. This place is a paradise for meat lovers! You get all kinds of red meat - pork, lamb, beef, rabbit, duck. Sadly, I am not a red meat fan and hence I would quote what my friends said. They loved the pork dishes especially the roast garlic bacon. They felt that the lamb was slightly overcooked but the taste was great. Everyone agreed that this was as close as they could get to authentic German food that they had in Europe. With very few options for white meat lovers, I ordered a Chicken Schnitzel and Prawns in Garlic and Rosemary. It was the first time I was having a schnitzel and I wasn't really comfortable with the flavours. The prawns on the other hand were perfectly cooked: juicy, flavourful and still having that beautiful prawn texture. Overall a must try out for red meat lovers. Nothing for vegetarians virtually so all veggie lovers can avoid this place!
Rated As the name goes, it is for meat lovers. Costlier than imbiss, bandra (about 1.4 times) Specialities: 1. Sausage platter 2. Chicken Schnitzel, Pork Schnitzel (German dish) 3. Ox tail 4. Meat cup cakes Takes time to search for the restaurant. After eating you can also go to nariman point to enjoy the night life. Reservation is recommended during weekends.
Rated I've been so pleased with this place that I keep going back for more. The food, the ambience, the service are top notch! I love this place! And I've never eaten food like this in all of Mumbai. 100 points for originality!
Rated Absolute Heaven for Non vegetarians. I guess this was the first place in mumbai I came across which serves only meat. It is known for German and Mediterranean cuisine they serve. The menu is totally new and thanks to the courteous waiter we were able to order proper choices. They serve all most all types of meat ; from Buffalo and Pork to Rabbit and Quail. Infact chicken is served as vegetarian food here :-p The food was delicious and is must try for people who like tasting other Nonveg than chicken. Of the five dishes I ordered I would recommend Grilled Pork Tenderloin and Romanian Pork Cordon Blehi. Dishes in order - Salad - Weiner Schnitzel - Grilled Pork Tenderloin - Grilled German Quail - Romanian Pork Cordon Blehi - Assorted Bread - German Grilled Chicken
Rated Another weekend and I'm back to Mumbai! This time, the hiatus was broken by sassyspoon. We were a bunch of friends catching up after a while and decided to have a go at this place. Straight as you enter the décor grabs your attention- with the rustic ceiling and effervescent interior, I knew this was a treat already. The food was exceptional. Grilled chicken with jalapeños and mint was stand out and the lasagna was nice too. The staff made it a point to accompany each one of us to a separately located washroom- another touch of class. In all, I'm extremely happy and will definitely show up again.
Rated A classy fine dining establishment with vibrant decor, courteous staff, awesome food (both taste and the presentation) and a wide array of exquisite drinks! Loved every bit of it - having aeal there is certainly an experience that one shall cherish for a long time! Go for it! 👍
Rated This place checks out all your basic requirements from a fine dining establishment. Great ambiance, courteous staff, wonderful food (taste as well as presentation) and a wide array of exquisite drinks. Coming to specifics, I loved the Otak-Otak. It was a one-of-a-kind fish starter, something I haven't had in a long time. The breads smelled really fresh and me and my friend really liked the little brownies served with the bill. I would definitely recommend this to everyone..
Rated Darling where are we going tonight ? , It's sassy night remember , sassy spoon is one place which is vibrant , the decor and food talks for itself and all you need to is be relaxed and just go there , the place has exactly what it need , its not overdone , there food is light and yummy, desert section is always the exciting part end of the meal .
Rated Everything about the place is simply beautiful... The decor, the interior ....really great place! The menu has a good collection of dishes... The dish I ordered was the Thai chicken ... I loved the food over here and the desserts really stole the show! The restaurant offers a wonderful take on the red velvet cake and is surely worth a try...i would surely recommend this place ... The one thing to remember is that this restaurant has really well plated dishes on offer and for a foodie like me it did not satisfy me on the qty part of it... And it's a little heavy on the wallet... All in all a great experience...
Rated Starting from the interiors and the decor, it was really pretty! The food served to us was really delicious except the brown rice dish paella which was really bland! The quantity of the food was average! Overall experience was good. Only disappointment - over priced!
Rated Used to see this place day in and day out and since the place is so well made had to visit. The place is nicely done. I loved the idea of suitcases stacked in a wall in the inside area. It gives the place more spacious look. Also the huge tilted mirror on the opposite wall compliments the same. The tiny lights and decorations on the outside of the restaurant is again nicely done. As you can see I fell for this place more for the decor and ambience than the food. The food is very high priced for the pretentious morsels they serve. But yes definitely worth a visit.
Rated A perfect place to end a good evening. We were in the ncpa for a play and choose to go to sassy spoon after a bit of a walk on marine drive. The decor there is pleasant and that ambience sets the mood for the rest of the evening. The staff is very curteous, right from the beginning to the end of service. We began ordering with garlic tarts and ravioli. Amongst the 2 ravioli was my favourite but the garlic tarts were also something new and good to begin with. The gnocci we ordered for the mains was a bit disappointing as I felt there needs to be a sauce accompanying it. The papperdella was amazing and everybody was left licking fingers. To this point we felt the potions were a but small. We went on to order the deserts. The sassy take on the red velvet was delightful. The cappuchino twolist went well with the red velvet cake, something that I did not expect. Next up was the chocolate with basil and basil icecream. Independenly each individual component on the plate was not to appealing. But together the tastebuds were left tingling for more. The best prt we were quite full after the deserts. So may be that added another dimension to the satisfaction With Rinkugrwl5 3menwalking.com
Rated A beautifully done up place. We went there for lunch and had some amazing fish and chicken mains. The variety is not huge, but the food feels healthy to the palate and stomach. The staff is welcoming and friendly. The complimentary mini brownies at the end are the winner!
Rated Amazing ambiance pretty place.. You get that classy sassy feeling.. The butlers explain the food so well you feel like ordering the entire menu.! The have almost perfectly cooked food. The ravioli is amazing also the dish with the red wine sauce.. Amazing place like for a birthday or anniversary! Ambiance : 4.5/5 Taste wise: 4.5/5 Service: - 4.5/5
Rated Packed to the T on weekends, it's the ambience of this place which has always tempted me to walk in. The pluses first: quick and friendly service, innovative soups of the day (ranging from beans and peas to orange and carrots), and soft music. They also have an extensive tea menu. I had ordered masala chai and would recommend to every tea lover. Better than most what most of the cafes serve. We ordered tangy paneer which was apparently a 'nibble', but ended up quite filling. The paneer was soft and perfectly cooked. The grilled vegetables were avoidable. The Caesar salad was quite average. But they served it with a vegetarian dressing, which gets it brownie points. Negatives: Though I understand it's a deli, a few more vegetarian options would have made the visit worth it.
Rated What a beautiful place !💕 Indigo deli could definitely be your the big date place 😍. Non vegetarians will especially love this place! Also the best dessert I ever had in my life, Chocolate Ganache😍😍😍😍. You cannot afford to miss out on that one! I give 4.5 ratings to this place! -0.5 because it's a but pricey
Rated I could find the best food in Mumbai city @ Indigo. If they are serving Italian thin crust pizza, than they mean it with perfect thin crispy base & toppings. They serve tantalising choice of salads, & preparations in breads. The Risotto we ate here was one of the best I have ever had. In drinks you will enjoy Sangria a lot.
Rated It's always packed on weekends ,you'll get a place only if your lucky , got a place outside this time with no reservation it was a for a quick bite , there food is so delicious when it comes to the chicken eats with fresh veggies, and there deserts are simple but some of them have a twist .
Rated Amazing and mouthwatering food, the stuff that you get here suits the taste buds of every individual. No matter what you have here your taste buds would want to have another bite and there will always be a place you can tuck in that delicious food.
Rated Bombay Chicken Wings.. i will never forget the taste of this.. I don't feel shameful at all to admit that i actually licked the remaining sauce from the plate..it was so yumm.. Wafer Nachos were ok.. nothing great Oreo shake was superr very well made and blended.. Ambience is quite cool giving u the asian feel with quirky shopping arena at the entrance which will surely stop all the stationary lovers.. Ambience: 7.5 /10 Food: 8/10 Hospitality: 7/10 Overall 7/10
Rated Had a delicious meal at indigo meal last night at the lower Parle outlet of indigo delicatessen. Started with a delicious thin and crisp barbequed chicken pizza for the table which was well seasoned chicken on a thin and crisp pizza base. In mains we ordered the Deli salad with lobster, grilled tiger prawns with lemon butter chilli & spiced quinoa & a delicious decadent Philly cheesesteak. A truly delicious meal which we ended with a portion of freshly baked cookies! A memorable meal once again!
Rated Great ambiance. Love the food (never had better mashed potatoes. EVER!) Okay, so here's the deal. Go to this place right when the month begins (you'll know why, when you do) and indulge yourself in the gooey-ness of their freshly baked chocolate chip cookies. They are actually, PERFECT!
Rated Chicken cheese ham sandwich, mixed veggies mushroom and cheese sandwiches were amazing! Good service and a lovely ambience add well. Overall a good experience and I am coming back for more!
Rated This a great food place. Their biryanis are simply amazing. Great place. Try out chicken tikka biryani or prawns biryani the quality is good as well as quantity. Nice big chunks of chicken n good prawns as well. Try out chicken tikka masala chicken afghani with naan or roti. Not to mentioned the yummy caramel custard.
Rated Typical Irani restaurant joint with bang for buck. I have been to this multiple times and also ordered many times from here. Restaurant is divided in 2 floors. Ground floor is for regular customers and first floor is the AC family section. Place is neat and clean. Service is prompt. Food is a delicacy, however they have started using same gravy on every other option with few changes in ingredients. I prefer butter chicken, Chicken angara and tiranga. Chicken biryani is also good. But don't even get started on cost. The food the very cheap. An average couple can get good meal in 350 bucks with deserts. All in all an good place to visit with family and friends in those days of crunch when you have less money to spent :P
Rated Moghlai Food is awesome here...very pocket friendly favourite joint to have non veg food. Chicken Patiyala is must try. Caramel Custard tastes awesome...
Rated If you are in Mood for some yummy Muslim, Moghlai Food, this is where you should bounce into. Well, its not a place for Fine Diners. Unless you wanna order food at home. Do not forget to mention to the waiter - 'LESS OIL, Please'. Else, they are highly gracious to serve you with all the Oil in the world. To be less harsh, that is exactly how most Moghlai joints are in the price range of 100-400 (Price for 2). Mutton is amazing, Schezwan Chicken Tandoori, a rare dish available at not too many restaurants, is a great dish to order. Indian Breads are soft and good. Caramel Custard is a must try. Light on your pockets.
Rated If in case your short of cash and wish to have good food this your place. Considering the cost for the same in other restaurants food here is very cheap and quality is okay. Service is fine but they can improve a lot. Cheers!
Rated Well we ordered Chiken Tikka Biryani and Chicken Schezwan Tandoori. Food was simply amazing that too in affordable price. Even delivery was quick. :)
Rated Well what can I say, home deliveries are often low priority on taste and quality for the chef and food sagar has lived up to its peers. There is room for improvement on honesty and quality and finally the taste particularly on home deliveries.....
Rated When I came here with the intent to catch a late dinner post a movie screening, I didn't really know that I would be landing myself in a pickle. While waiting for a table I flicked through zomato and realised that this is the go to place for seafood but I was still hopeful that it wouldn't really disappoint me. The place has a full blown A.C bar that faces the main road and the family dining area is of to the side which has a small open dining area and A.C family hall on 2 floors. The place is well lit and done up rather well in brown and cream. The service is a little rusty. The server came up to us as soon as we were seated but vanished when we were about to order the main course. That's alright as he may have gotten stuck somewhere. Coming to the food, we started off with Veg Manchow and Hot n Sour soup. Both the soups were pretty decent but terribly under-seasoned. The hot n sour soup was packed with vegetables wherein the mushroom was the savior with its flavor. I can't really say the same for Manchow, though. Coming to the main course; we ordered paneer kadhai and baby corn mushroom masala. Both the dishes were loaded well with their respective ingredients and weren't just gravy filled jibber jabber. Alas, the flavors fell flat on its face. The dishes were overpowered with nutmeg and bayleaf, causing the dishes to burn our throats. The preparations would have been so much better if the chef would have taken a look at his spice rack. A little bit of appreciation coming up as well, the fish was really well prepared (as told by my uncle). So yep, the place famous for its seafood failed to cater to veggies and no, I'm not generalising.
Rated Super tasty food, great ambience, fresh seafood. Quantity of dish is also good as well as value for money. we had ordered chicken soup, pahadi kebab, Prawns biryani, butter chicken... all of those dishes were tasty. Restaurant name dose't sound like premium but it is, I will recommend it anytime you want to eat seafood or non-veg.
Rated "Pooja restaurant and bar" doesn't really sound the most appetising of names. But then "What's there in a name", said Shakespeare. The restaurant is located at the corner of the street and can be easily spotted from a distance. They have decent parking space coupled with valet service. The restaurant has a family section too. The other section is quite noisy, has dim lighting and looks more like a bar. The crowd in this section seemed to be there only for drinks. So we were confident that the kebabs & tandoor items would be good. We ordered for a chicken platter and it was a treat by itself. There were nearly 21 pieces. Neither too spicy nor overcooked. It was quite a lot for just the the three of us. We wanted to have crab for the main course along with another fish item. We ordered for crab sukka masala and surmai curry. But after completing the starters, we settled for the crab sukka masala & got the surmai curry parcelled (which tasted nice even on the next day). The attendant did pull out the trick of letting us select a crab of our choice. Then later on, tried to convince us that it was the last piece remaining so that we could confirm our order quickly. It was a bit annoying, but I'm going to let that pass as the crab preparation was truly lip-smacking. I must admit that the rice bhakri played a crucial role in making the meal delightful. The initial plan was to order a prawns biryani, but we were too stuffed and so we ordered for jeera rice & dal tadka; both were up to the mark. The bill was accompanied by sugar coated fennel seeds(saunf). That helped soothe the tastebuds. A meal worth remembering! I would love to come here again. Next time, I would prefer to be in the family section though.
Rated We chose this for a birthday treat as it was walking distance from our office. We ordered for regular north Indian food which was OK. The chicken Tikka masala that we ordered was more spicy than thier chicken kolhapuri which is weird. Also this place is famous for seafood, we didn't have any but you can guess that when 3 waiters bring 3 different kinds of fish to the next table just to show it was fresh.
Rated A nice family reataurant. Good ambience. A bit on the expensive side but its worth. Good quality food and drinks served with it. People who like sea food its a nice place to try the malwani style. They also show you the fish which u want. Chicken dishes are also worth eating.
Rated With fancy restaurants and pubs coming up everyday , my favourites still remain the typical family restaurants which never fail to surprise you with their taste and variety of items..pooja has various sections..including the family section on top which we went to..the appetisers here were excellent and the schezwan sauce which accompanied it was one of the best i have ever tasted. But the dish to beat it all was the dal khichdi which was super yummy and we couldnt stop eating it..so yes try out the other stuff..but dont forget to try the dal khichdi too..a little on the expensive side ..however worth it!
Rated Superb food... Very good ambience.. Fresh seafood...We ordered Fish Rawas Tawa Fry... It was so tender and soft and properly marinated... Prawns biryani is also great.. Both for Rs. 325.. Quite reasonable rates... Quality of food is awesome.. Chinese food is ultimate.. Must try...
Rated A hustling bustling place that serves good seafood. Had been here on a weekend and had to wait quite some time before getting seated. The ambience is typical fine dine; a bit more dimmer lighting than the usual. Parking nearby is not a problem. Well arranged 3 sections - family section, smoker's and non smoking bar section lets you pick your choice. We settled down in the non smokers zone and in came the ??. I settled for a fruit punch which was utterly bad. In came the surmai tawa fry - piping hot and the aroma of fresh fish was appealing. Looks were not deceptive - it tasted fresh and delicious, well marinated with all the flavours. The chicken tikka came in next after a lot of waiting. This was a disaster - the chicken was chewy and the marination was uncooked. This was sent back. The service was a bit messed up considering the load that was on the staff on a busy day. Not too bad though Value for money - yes. Seafood is recommended and the rest of stuff is as good as your luck on that day.
Rated This is one of my favorite place to dine. They are famous for their sea food. It's has a family section too. My personal favourite is banjara kebab. I nearly tried everything they have to offer of the menu and nothing disappointed me.
Rated After crossing it many times, I have decided to give it a try and whoa it turned out to be good. Infact much better than I thought. Ambience I quite good, but a place e is little cozy and when full, it's quite hard to move around. Anyway, we arrived at this restaurant to try good food, drinks and a dessert :-) everyone goes for this only. Staff was very helpful and courteous and they make sure that you would not have any issue. Food : we ordered chicken tandoori, and our drinks first with papad masala. Chicken tandoori was roasted good, well cooked but I miss the tangy part of it. It's quite plain and simple and lacks the good marination of spices. Papad masala too was very plain and had Sev more than onions and tomatoes. So the starters didn't go well but as far as rates are concerned and services, I am ok with it. I intended to try their other dishes but had to order Mutton biryani as other people wanted to have that. So we ordered biryani, the taste was good but it was not a biryani et al. Not cooked the way it has to be and having gravy of a curry is absolutely not qualifies for a biryani. Overall, if you are looking for economical evening with your gang, add this place in your dine line. Yes, I missed to tell that they serve some good and finger licking sea foods. As I don't like sea food but had seen people were quite happy with their sea food and they don't hesitate to show their culinary skills into that.
Rated Ambretto is a small joint near Shivaji Park serving a wide variety of food items. But the one that caught my attention was Poutine. I'm a big fan of fries and almost any dish that comes heavily loaded with fries. So it's a no brainer that I was going to be in love with Poutine. There isn't much space to sit inside. Outside seating has two tables. I think home delivery is a better option. Ordered a chicken sausage Poutine and a Captain Jack Sparrow Burger. Chicken Sausage Poutine: 4.5/5 Was expecting this dish to be really good and it delivered! A basketful of fries and Chicken and a hell lot of sauces over them. Quantity is considerable and the Chicken is added aplenty. Captain Jack Sparrow: 3.5/5 A burger in the shape of a sub, CJS is a burger filled with chicken and lots of cheese. Somehow it didn't impress my taste buds that much. Probably like the second best album of a boy band, this dish seemed mediocre and probably overshadowed thanks to the really impressive and finger licking Poutine. Ratings: Food: 4/5 Service: 3/5 Ambience: 2/5 Value for money: 3.5/5 Overall, I was quite satisfied with the food at Ambretto. The place may not be the best place to go and grab a bite with your family. Home delivery is recommended. Will come back for sure :D PRO TIP: Do try the Poutine. It's filling and good VFM.
Rated Bandra hasn't really put forward a good burger for Bacon lovers, so this place has a pretty decent offering in the vicinity... Decent quantity of the meat and to their credit the fat-meat ratio was decent.. Egg & slaw nicely done... Not a fan of the bread as it's a typical bakery bun and this needs to be toasted at minimum to hold it together when it comes to bacon strips.. I tried Areezo's / Chilli Flakes' 'Death by Bacon' a few days later and that was a class apart in terms of generosity of meat and the quality of bread for the same price range.. So this one slots behind them, but still a very decent offering that can now be accessed at Bandra thanks to Swiggy...
Rated Always ordered from Mahim. They have really good sandwiches .. Why did you stop the baguettes and poutines? New menu has very less options :(
Rated Tiny place but packs a big bang. Run by friendly owners one of whom is always around greeting the guests and happy to discuss gastronomy and tastes to blend them into your order too. That's what keeps the place innovating. Simply love their poutines both options of fries and wedges. They have recently revised their menu to o include wraps, pastas and also set menus. Must visit and definitely one of those hidden gems in the city.
Rated Ambretto is a no frills joint that focusses very well on its food. The first time i had visited this place i got to try their jalapeno cream n paneer empanada and cottage cheese poutine. The jalapeno cream n paneer filling was bang on while i realised that the empanada bread (which is baked) was not my thing. The poutine was devoid of cheese curds but still made up with its crisp fries and yummy sauces. Thanks to the courteous owner i received two complimentary iced teas which was equally well made and one of the best i have had. On my recent visit i realised that empanadas have been discontinued which i really regretted as i was looking forward to try that again. Instead landed up with 'The family buy'(Ah!Now i dont regret it anymore :p ) This one is more indianised and the spicy paneer patty is the highlight..very succulent and goes well with the sauces. Seating is minimal and Service is friendly. Overall,ambretto is one of the first places where i have had a good experience with everything i tried and looking forward to many more. P.s: I really wish if they could bring the jalapeno cream and paneer stuffing back in their menu.
Rated Ordered the Capt. Jack Sparrow baguette sub and it was delicious. Lovely caramelized onions with copious amounts of cheese and juicy chunks of chicken and the baguette was quite soft and nice. And it cost 200 bucks. Value for Money, i should say. Would love to try out their other stuff soon, especially the Poutine. Ordering again from them for sure. :)
Rated This place caught my eye while browsing around for a good sandwich place other than Subway. So, when the opportunity presented itself I gave this place a visit for some snacks in the evening. I was underwhelmed by the appearance of the place. It is very shabby and very small and hardly maintained. It is mostly a delivery joint so that figures. It is a self service joint so not much to say about the service. Coming to the food, its average. The name of the dishes seem more intersting than the dishes themselves which is disappointing. We had That 70s salad, which had shredded chicken on top which was not juicy, but rather dry. The dressing however was good. The wedges were overpriced but served with a good sauce. The Good Fellas sub was good, but the bread seemed stale. We even complained it to the server, but he said nothing could be done and it was sorely disappointing. I would not recommend you to go out of our way to eat at this place. It is really average and I would prefer a Subway sandwich more since it at least gives me fresh bread. As I said above, the names are more exciting with a lot of pop culture references than the food itself.
Rated This is the kind of place that you go to after college with your buddies and eat greasy affordable, pocket money friendly food. Now, if only i knew this before i went there, my expectations would be more realistic. I went here mainly to try their burgers (which look good in photographs) but also because their menu looks quite ambitious (Po boy sandwich, meatball marinara sub and poutines) The poutine however wasnt a poutine and the burger wasn't a burger! The bacon burger was a bun stuffed with bacon, lettuce and tomato! Just call it a B.L.T! It had no patty, how is it a burger?! The poutine was, well, french fries, poorly melted clotted mozzarella, packet chicken sausages, shredded chicken, low quality tomato ketchup (possibly the kind sandwichwallahs use) and mayo. It wasn't that bad but it wasn't poutine. Zero points for authenticity but definitely some points for bravery to try and execute a menu so ambitious.
Rated Ambretto is equivalent to comfort food. They serve empanadas, poutines, subs and the like. I have ordered their food home multiple times but never actually visited so cant comment on their ambience or service section. The home delivery is pretty decent though. Their version of poutines contain all the things that make a soul happy : fries, chicken, cheese. All held together by amalgamation of sauces, giving tangy to sweet taste. I like the grilled chicken one best. Other dishes fare well too. Juicy Lucy, though not as Dunkins, does hold up on its own and so does Ct Jack Sparrow. They are interestingly named, over favourite characters and movies. Sheldon is my top favourite so picked that first among baguettes. The quanity is quite good too, 3 items between 2 people seems right. My family needs rice/roti for meals so mostly we end up ordering chinese/mughlai. But Ambretto is my top pick when Im ordering in only for me and my sister. :-)
Rated Ambretto is such a small place that despite walking by it every other day for a year, I've just noticed it. Ambretto finds itself in the Collection of 'Hidden Gems', but it's not something that always lives upto its promise. The quality is inconsistent, and as a restaurant it has many flaws. But on the positive side, it has really unique stuff which has great potential. Service: It really depends on who happens to take your order. In its type of service, it's most similar to Subway. There was no blunder on their part. However it's disappointing to see that some of the dishes on offer were unavailable. Ambience & Décor: Pathetic and abysmal. It's just two small and unhygienic tables, in the open with all sorts of noise coming from adjoining shops. They should renovate it, or at least refresh it, in terms of appearance. It's sad. It's not meant to be a full fledged dining joint, but there is standard that you'd expect. Perhaps I'm being too harsh here. Food: CT. JACK SPARROW BAGUETTE. Really good, however the chicken was not of great quality. Everything else was nice, however the bread in particular was exquisite. This could've used some more sauce in it. ONION RINGS. I'm not sure why they're called that, it's like a fancy Onion Bhaji. It tasted exactly like that, just differed in looks. Not very good. COTTAGE CHEESE POUTINE. A poutine is a very interesting dish, look it up if you don't know what it is. The fries were cold, the Paneer was certainly stale, and it had begun separating. The sauces were great, however they formed a mushy liquid which settled at the bottom. The vegetables in it were delicious. All dishes were served on some (water-resistant) paper in a basket. Nice. But their food doesn't stand for what you expect from them. They've got such good vision, and daring ambition. But I have to question their quality of food, with almost every ingredient seeming a little doubtful. I could be mistaken; if it were not for their unique food, and great potential they'd be rated much lower by me. So should you go here? It's crazy, I'm struggling to give a distinct answer whether this place is a hit or a miss. If you're adventurous with your food, and don't mind eating at a small food joint/shack, then this deserves a try and you can decide for yourself.
Rated *** The Owner Of This Restaurant Eats Here ***#A Must Visit❤ #Overwhelming Manager and Owner😘 I had no clue what i was eating except for a few things👻👻👻👻 😋 #Awesome Service #Pindrop Silence #Superb Co-ordination #Ashtonishingly Monthly Passes Available Hat's Off To The Owner and his Manager ##Speachless More Than The Food I loved them & Their Co-ordination ###LAte Post
Rated Plain, simple south indian food! They are known for their exquisite south indian meals and is one of the favoured restaurants for families in Matunga. I have tried their rawa sada dosa, wada sambhar and pineapple sheera. Everything tasted lovely and easy on your wallet. I also ordered a ginger lemon beverage. It was yellow in colour and I was apprehensive about its taste. But it turned out to be really strong on ginger, just the way I like it!
Rated Authentic South Indian food. service promt. little bit cleanliness on water servings. rest all perfect. Must visit for South Indian food. loved Aamras and the typical sambhar rice.
Rated Have been eating here when I was a kid. The nostalgia of the taste hit me so hard that we went all the way from Andheri just to eat at Rama Nayak's. It's located just outside Matunga central railway station and not very difficult to locate. It's located on the first floor of the building and you would find the queue quite intimidating but be rest assured to find a place in 5-10 mins. The service is insanely quick and due to this the eating chain moves consistently fast. Being a South Indian, I love the cuisine and very critical of this cuisine as well. We took the unlimited meal... Laid on a banana leaf, we are first served salt, pickle and papad. Then comes the two bhajis beetroot and chana. Hot chapatis are served with the bhajis. Then comes the hot rice over which ample of ghee is poured. Piping hot rasam and sambhar are served with the rice. The seasonal accompaniment is the hot mango curry. A bowl of dahi and a glass of buttermilk is served unlimited. In dessert we had to choose between rasgulla, gulab jamun, doodi halwa, aam ras and payasam. We chose gulab jamun and halwa:) The food is typical ghar ka khana.. Everything so pure and clean you'll feel you're just eating at home (ignoring the crowd). At ₹180 per person for such delicious unlimited food is totally worth it. I would say eating here is an altogether different experience.. People who stay around Matunga-KingsCircle who are frequenters here would agree. It's a challenge to manage such a huge crowd and still maintain the hygiene. I guess this I why they are in the business since decades and trust me will be there for decades and generations to come.
Rated The food here is typical to any gsb konkani home! A complete amchigele meal. Everything from the upkari and ghashi to the dalitoy are exactly like you would find in one of the several community meals across south canara!! Their choice for sweets could be expanded though. Waiting time on Sundays can be really long.... and they don't have a reservation policy... so plan well.
Rated This is one of the most authentic South Indian restaurant I have come across . From the food , ambience , the people , the attitude every thing A to Z was south ... Particularly Tamil Nadu . The entire restaurant works on a coupon system . Buy coupon in advance and keep giving the coupons to the waiter when u need some thing for your thali . The place is so full during afternoon that if you are in a group then you have to sit at different locations :-) eat your food and go back . Actually u are so engrossed in the entire spread that one really does not mind sitting alone without your friends . The food is the best part ... Nothing exotic but yet so tasty and amazing . Enjoy the experience when you dine here for lunch .
Rated The place has lost its old charm. Cleanliness is a concern now. The quality of food in terms of authentic taste has deteriorated now. The staff is to less for crowd.
Rated Well finally got the time to visit this legendary eatery. But the experience was not that good. It's been running since ages and people are flocking since then but there are newbies like me who are visiting it for the first time. As soon as you enter you will see a crowd of people. There are very small walkable spaces in the place and people are always coming and going. You need to buy coupons in advance to get served. I had no clue of what is what so bought a meal, a sweet and and extra coupons. For newbies there are 2 sections. One is unlimited food version where you are served on a banana leaf and the other is limited version served on a steel plate. After getting a seat i was served with food one by one. Food was average. People were rude. Service was quick. Thanks to the 70 year old uncle who had been eating since 30 yrs at the place i figured out things properly. Food was descent. The sweets were great. Hot payasam. And since I wanted to gorge more I got gajar halwa and sreekhand parcelled. The best was the paan served at the counter followed by Sreekhand.
Rated Some of the Best south Indian food you'll have! Very authentic, every thing is very clean and great value for money! You have to try this place out!!! I've been here thrice already and I've enjoyed the food, eaten till I could eat no more and have always wanted to come back another time! They keep switching up their dishes daily (if I'm not mistaken) and all of their food is yummy! Homemade style so it's super if you're in the area, you can practically eat here as often as you want to. I've always gone for the unlimited thali which is Rs. 180/- per person but if you're not a big eater the limited on would suffice. It's a great place to bring your friends and relatives who come from abroad especially as they serve you food in the banana leaf which makes the whole experience so much more fun and exciting!
Rated I have always been a fan of thali like concept. It gets even better when it comes to eating thali at udipi. My experience at Ram Nayak's was no different than what others wud have witnessed. :) Amazing taste and they make you eat till you can say no. In sweets we ordered rasgulla and shrikand, both were yummm.. The curd tasted extremely sour and when I informed it to management, they took a note of it immediately and said they ll make alterations in their curd preparation methods. I shall visit it again to try the limited version of thali and to taste the curd again of course :)
Rated I used to have vada_pav here almost everyday.. To be Frank dis place doesn't need any review or ratings.. Go uaself n enjoy the crispy & besht churaa_pav out here :) \m/
Rated Ratings out of 10- 1.Cost-9/10 2.Ambience-5/10 3.Service-7/10 4.Food-8.5/10 5.Overall-8/10 Service: this is just fine, not the best. Though I can't blame them for slow service as there was so much crowd around this joint! There is huge demand for his famous VadaPav and hence the delay. Ambience: Nothing much to speak about. Its just a small shop that has 2 counters- one for service and the other for preparation. This joints doesn't look appealing one bit, but probably due to the crowd formed here, people get attracted to this place. You can also get the mouth-watering aroma of freshly prepared Vada for the VadaPav! Cost: the VadaPav served here are pretty cheap. Compared to Goli vadapav that is spread all across this country, this shop sells VadaPav at relatively cheaper rates. Price for 1 VadaPav- ₹20 Food: This is the best aspect of this joint! They serve amazing VadaPav at cheap rates! A variety of chutneys are put into the Pav and then the freshly prepared batch of Vada arrives! They put the vada onto the Pav and they also put the remaining crispy bits and nibblets of batter into each VadaPav. This combination really tastes amazing and it is definitely worth the money paid! Thumbs Downs: *Ambience *Service Thumbs Ups: *Location *Food *Cost Would I come back for more? --- Yeah! Overall, my experience in Ashok VadaPav Stall was splendid!
Rated Short review** Known for :- Vada Pav Special mention :- The 3 kinds of chutnies are fantastic! Brown sweet one ...the spicy green and the red garlic chutney powder! Batata Vada is mildly spiced... the best is the crunch in the vada Pav due to the added fried besan chura along with batata vada and chutnies! Fried green chillies seal the deal ! Parking :- Manageable **Short reviews are for places which have been there for a while and need no introduction! My detailed reviews of newly opened and legendary restaurants will continue.... anandtiwari.in
Rated The best vada pav ever!! I dont usually like vada pav on the streets. But this tiny little street side vendor!! Is just out of this world, crispy crunchy hot n spciy vadas in oav with yummy chutney!! The best part of their vada pav is the besan churra that they put inside to make it crispy n different from everyone else. Enough said!! Go try it for urself!!
Rated I went here after my visit to siddhivinayak based on the ratings and reviews. Now I wonder what made people to call this vada pav the best. Also with Rs. 20 for a single vadapav this place is too over rated and there are places selling way better vadapav in mumbai.
Rated When you Google the top ten vada pav joints in Mumbai, this is the one that tops the list. And rightly so. The vada is absolutely delicious with some meetha chutney and crunchy chura. #livetoeatbombay #vadapav #kirticollegevadapav #mumbaivadapav
Rated Ashok Vada Pav located in Prabhadevi near Kirti College is a famous vendor known for celebs eating here & some awards from Times Food guide earlier. Even today, the owner serves the Hot Vada Pavs at his stall with a gang of workers frying Vadas & making the Famous Churra.. Churra is nothing but the shavings of the dough. His Sweet Chutney & Churra makes the taste distinct, have been visiting the stall since last 20yrs..Must admit the taste has deteriorated. For new visitors , they love it..!
Rated The only thing I loved during my visit to Mumbai was vada pav, they serve authentic South Indian style vada pav. The stall is always crowded with people waiting for there turn to grab some vada pavs. They serve crunchy, tasty and delectable chutneys inside the vada pav. This is something you cannot resist. Must try! I tried this on my driver's suggestions, he is from Mumbai and he suggested you cannot miss this vada pav. Worth it! They make fresh vada pavs on the spot.
Rated They are amazing when comes to vaa pav best category. Liked it. Definitely worth the money. Will try again. Yummy vada pav. Finger liking vada pav..Tasty 😋
Rated Visit Day Date n Time:- Monday 11-Apr-16, 8.45 a.m. Ayyappan another famous place in Matunga for SouthIndian food. Perfect example of street food. Variety of yummy food options on the menu. We had Mysore sada, Mysore Masala Dosa, Dal wada and Medu wada and coffee. The chutney and sambar are just awesome. Must visit place in mumbai. Will surely visit this place again.
Rated Now this is a perfect example of street food which stands for VFM. Stand, eat and bug off!! Dosa varieties are pretty good. Abhay dosa recommended. Chutneys are quite authentic. Very cheap on pocket. Best option for hunger pangs. Must try
Rated If u don't mind roughing it, this is one of the best places to enjoy South Indian dosas. There are sooooo many varieties, each being able to hold their own spot in the variety. Just yuuuuummmm
Rated It is small stall located in the lane of Matunga East . it serves you one of the best South Indian dishes. Yummy dosas. There is no seating area you have to stand by the stall and have it. All the dosas , vada, idli are amazing. One of my best is ghee rava onion podi dosa. Podi means molaga podi ..it is south Indian based powder used as chutney with oil .or sprinkled on dosa. We were group of 6 ppl who had like 6 dosa , 4 plate wada, 1 sheera, 5 Nimbu pani ...bill came to 670 only..so it also good to pocket. Overall right to eat Food 5/5 Service 5/5 Ambience1/5.
Rated Damn, food it's jus so so awsum.. Nice variety of food.. And affordable too.. It has idli, dosa and coffee store.. Its jus great.. Quantity n quality good.. Jus u dnt hv place to sit...
Rated Ayappan will surprise u with its host of South Indian menu. Situated 5 mins walking from matunga central station, this place is a real treat for South Indian food lovers like me. If u r a hygiene junkie and want to sit and eat ur idlis, dis ain't d place for u bruhhh. U come here, give ur order to Anna, Anna give I food, u stand aaan ur feet, and eat dat dayum tasty idli and vadas. My picks here are idli sambar, vada sambar, daal vada is a special yessss, rava dosa, the Mysore chutney is real killing son and the spicy tangy tomato chutney is like blessing from heaven.. So u try out ayappan, tell me how u like it. Cz dis store has it all n m real impressed.
Rated Well well well, this place is my one go to destination whenever I crave for some delicious South Indian Fare. This place does not have any seating arrangements but you'll be amazed to still find a huge crowd gathered in front of this place just for the heavenly food they offer. Try the Chilly cheese dosa and the Medu Vadas here. The green and red chutney are the best I've had till date. None of the items here disappoints you. Must visit. Very Pocket Friendly.
Rated It took me a while to find this place but then it was worth it. I have been here many times and have never been disappointed. The taste of the food is simply amazing. The idlis are soft. The vadas are awesome. They have variety of dosas. Few of my favourites are Mysore sada, Mysore masala, spring roll dosa, these ones are just amazing. The uttapams are beautiful too. Their chutneys are mouth watering and definitely you will ask for a second helping for chutneys. Price? Very pocket friendly. Definitely worth a visit.
Rated We ordered Dal vada, pizza uttapam, Chinese dosa roll and ayappan special. I had Dal vada after a long time and they tasted amazing. Dosas tasted awesome too. Lots of variety at low cost. Recommended.
Rated This is a seafood lover's paradise...Take my word for it...Prawns, Rawas, Surmai, Crabs, Squids they have it all...And in a wide range of awesomely cooked Konkani and Goan recipes...And it's pretty okay on the wallet...A whole baby kingfish(surmai) for INR 650...It's a trey for veggies too...Wifey loved the veg xacuti and the yellow dal with rice and loved it...And it has a few lip smacking desserts too...Tried the litchi with ice cream and loved it...Plan to try the bebinca and ice cream next time round...Vandana Mehra Sen
Rated I think we visited this place after almost 6 -8 years and ever since our sumptuous lunch this afternoon we have been pondering what made us not go back earlier. I would like to believe it's the distance ( Thane to Mahim) but my husband says that's a lame excuse :( well being a vegetarian one would question the basic premise of me being there but then I believe in not missing the opportunity of a nice veg lunch wherever it may be. And Fresh Catch was a delight! The veg xacuti and dal tadka were soul touching. I haven't had such a perfectly made xacuti gravy before. Nice texture, perfectly spiced and vegetables cooked to perfection. The dal was a winner..I had half a mind of getting a portion parcelled too :) the Bong husband couldn't control his excitement on seeing the wide spread of fresh sea catch and he went for a grilled baby King fish. Each bite was heavenly as he says, again grilled to the right degree with just the right amount of green masala. The desert was an icing on the cake- vanilla ice cream scoops served with litchi. And what I liked the best was that the ice cream was not "frozen". The comfortable temperature for people who have sensitive teeth like me :) I am going again for sure..when....well this time very soon!
Rated A small little place in the bylanes of Mahim! Should most definitely feature in hidden gems! One of the best seafood delicacies i have had in Mumbai! Started with bombil tava fry, calamari chilly sukem, pomfret fillet and paneer tikka. The fish were cooked to perfection! The seasoning was one of the best for sure! The highlight amongst all was the calamari. For mains we tried the chicken xacuti with pav. Good portion size and swift service. To digest all the good spicy food we had, we decided to call for sol kadhis, which were not impressive. Tasted way too coconuty and they could nt do much even after replacing them. For desserts, the famous bebinca with ice cream. However that was a slight put off. But overall, a brilliant place and a must visit for sure!
Rated If you are a seafood fan, this is the place for you.. Sweet corn crab soup is amazingly relishing. Calamari chilly sukem is the highlight of this place . Outstanding taste of Calamari. Crab meat garlic buttered and pomfret fry are fresh and ultimately filling. Bombil fry is just the right thing . The place is not that big , lavish or spacious but if you have a big - crazy hunger, don't miss this place. If you visit here once, you are sure to return. Amazing staff and service . Super meal , super day, super memory
Rated After a few search on seafood restaurants we decided to give it a try.... The place is located in mahim and we landed around 10.30pm. As we were 7people it took us 30min to get a table. Not because there was much waiting but the place is not meant for more than 5 in group. So we got a place on top where they could arrange us by joining the tables.... By the time we sat it was the last order we had to give as it shuts down by 11.30-12 ..surprising on a weekend. So we just bombarded with order from starters soups to main course...all at once. We called for crab meat soup which was a all clear soup. Not bad to taste. Bombil fry was too good,fresh and not at all oily. Lady fish tawa fry (khane) fresh and tasty. Prawns treasure of konkan....good dish with dry masala and nice to taste. Surmai tawa fry.....was mild and tasty Main course were.. Chicken xacuti...... Was mild and must try. Prawn konkan gravy ....was very nice and tasty. Bangda spiced curry(mackerel)...was brilliant and best to go with rice. Prawns pulao....wow loved it. Must try. Steam rice,hot chapattis and few solkaadi. The best part of the food is its not at all oily. The taste of real goan and Konan food but a home like taste.no artificial colours or enhancers to glorify any food.just pure spices taste. All the seafood were fresh. The service was fast as it was closing time. The only drawback was the quantity and pricing. The price was way to ahead for the quantity they serve. For 7 the food bill was 6500₹. Found it on the expensive side. Whole crab was not there and out of stock.....but even than we enjoyed the food. The authenticity of the food was perfect and would definitely come back.
Rated Its a small restaurant located off the L.J road....It is a paradise for Sea food lovers.....Try their Aditya prawns Bombil fry and prawns biryani and tisrya....nice place to visit with family....!!!!
Rated The place is a haven for seafood lovers! It has a nice homely feel to it and as soon as we reached our order was taken in a millisecond because "Baadmein bohot log aa jaate hai". And sure enough by 8.30 there were people waiting outside! Everything is piping hot and brought as soon as you order it. We had the crab soup, fried surmai and pomfret in red curry and rice. And for the dessert we had their special Goan pudding. The fish and crab needless to say were fresh and juicy. I didnt quite enjoy the curry but my friend loved it. And the pudding was yum as well! Must visit for all seafood lovers. And try the crab!
Rated This is one of those rare places where you can close your eyes and select any of the thalis randomly and you will be delighted no matter whichever you select. The chicken sagoti and the mutton sagoti were delectable. The gravy will make you crave for more and more kombdi wade/ bhakari/ amboli. The solkadi is also perfected and you can enjoy a full glass even after the rice. Definitely going to try the fish thalis on my second visit.
Rated Seafood lovers, look no further as this place is surely gonna please your taste buds! They have a number of outlets. We tried out this small outlet in Prabhadevi! Ambience: Closely spaced tables, simple interiors, 30-40 ppl capacity Food: must have seafood.. we had surmai thali and pomfret thali.. quantity looked less but good enough. The fish curry is just awesome! Pomfret and surmai fry were fresh and good in taste too! We also had stuffed bombil which is just 2 pieces but nice innovation and pleases your taste buds.. Jawala Pakoda was gr8 in taste too.. something different & tasty from other seafood outlets!! Solkadi was also one of the best we've had! We were served by Patil uncle who kept asking if we were liking the food and served us well! To summarise, it's a gr8 value for money tasty seafood restaurant! Give it a try at least once!
Rated This was more of a blogger meet and talks than a foodie meet but food still ruled the roost here. It is a quaint place that is not too loud and allows conversations to happen. I remember the Lady Kane fry, Prawns koliwada and the usual rotis and some regular curry and stuff the taste I of which I dont recall. The prawn was exquisite, , the lady kane heavenly. They really are sea food experts... phenomenal-cuisines.throodalookingglass.com
Rated To talk about Prabhadevi Jaihind, it is one of the best among other Jaihinds. I visited this place on Sunday. As people hunt around for Non veg this place is one of the most crowded place to visit on weekend. We were waiting for around 45 mins to get into the restaurant. Due to the crowd, even the orders were taken first out before heading to table. The first thing we order was Chicken Platters which included chicken sikh kabab, chicken pahadi, chicken pudina and rest 2 I don't know. The moment I had my first bite I was like WOW. So tempting, so fresh and so tasty. Then the next plate came which was Surmai Fry. Though I am not that crazy for fish it was again a WOW. Then we order chicken tikka, rotis, neer dosa, biriyani and last but not the least sol curry. All the items which we had were tasty and awesome. Firstly I was irritated waiting for so long time but after having such a yummy non veg food I felt like waiting was worth. Service was not that great but the food quality totally satisfied me. I would suggest people to go and try once especially for Non Veg. Try it on a weekday so that you will get a proper service and can try some more other items. Thank you
Rated Super seafood at reasonable prices, the seafood here is extremely fresh!!The best part of this restaurant is the fact that you get to sample konkani, goan, managlorean and andhra dishes at a single place. I went there for lunch, usually packed by office goers nearby, luckily got a table, we ordered the surmai fry thali and got a nice big piece of fresh surmai along with chapatis, fish rassa, thecha ,solkadi (awesome!!) and rice, to that we added bheja masala (also recommend butter bheja masala), prawns pulimunchi, tisrya ajanta sukka, stuffed bombil( with small prawns stuffed in bombil and deep fried), simple bombil fry, after devouring these gifts from the ocean, we finished with a nice big glass of cold solkadi. Highly recommended!! We often order home delivery of the green and red tandoori rawas or pomfret, absolutely lip smacking!! Along with neer dosa and prawns gassi.. The list goes on peeps, come try this place
Rated Fish fish fish fish !!!!!i m the biggest sea food lover My hunger gets double once when i see proper goan fish .n this is the perfect place to have seafood .they really have some magic in their food the only problem is that they bit costly but worth it
Rated After the disaster at The Good Wife decided last nite impromptu to visit Jai hind at Elphinstone. .Was lucky to get a place immediately and the food was very good too. The bombil fry was fresh..melt in the mouth and a must try.Both the pomfret pulimunchi And the mori pulimunchi while spicy was a perfect integration of the pepper and tamarind and is recommended.The surmai thali was good too as were the wadas and the neer dosas. . The bill. .2350 for 4 adults who could not eat a morsel more..Unlike my Sunday disaster the serving staff while not classy where prompt and efficient and there is no service charge here so was happy to tip.. Must go place for all fish lovers
Rated Being a bong I have my reservations when it comes to fishes. Heard a lot about this place, so finally when we decided to go I had my apprehensions. I wanted to have tandoori pomfret, so we ordered that and it costed us a hefty 800 bucks, but a microscope would have failed to find a single bit of flesh on it after we finished eating with both our hands. It was pure bliss. #Prawns Koliwada was also worth a mention and very nicely done. Go to this place only when you are hungry till your diaphragm!
Rated A perfect feel of old tamil café. The vintage seating. The authentic south indian food and kapi. Moreover, very pocket friendly. Loved the food and beverages. Must visit!
Rated A random visit in Matunga central on an empty tummy pulled me towards SHARDA BHAVAN. FOOD (4/5) Rasam Wada : The consistency of the rasam was great & taste too. Rasam had perfect element of spice. The wada was fluffy & soft. MUST HAVE. Upma : I'm the last person to eat upma anywhere. But more than half the people around me had just come to have their upma and this made me order it. Yes! It was indeed awesome! The flavour of ginger was done up rightly in the melt in mouth upma. MUST HAVE. Ghee Onion Masala Dosa : Look wise it wasn't appealing as it looked burnt. But taste & crispiness quotient was perfectly balanced. Sambar & chutney served along are the best so far I had. Excellent. MUST HAVE. Neer dosa : The neer dosawas crispy at the edges. A big thumbs down. It is supposed to soft, melt in mouth type. Give it a miss. Filter coffee : The aroma wasn't strong. Overall just average. You definitely get a better filter coffee at other joints around. SERVICE (3/5) The staff wears lungi which looks very cute & gives a feeling of authentic south Indian cafe. Service isn't efficient. Had to tell couple of orders again & again. AMBIANCE (3/5) It doesn't have an ambiance but the distance between 2 tables is definitely more than decent & has a really good roof height. So better than any other upidi restaurant. CONCLUSION Visit this place for their upma, sambar, chutney & Off course rasam too. Located bang opposite matunga central railway station is an advantage too.
Rated An old authentic south Indian restaurant is good for a quick bite. Sambhar taste is not that good. But other stuff is good for value. The one thing that they serve good is some juice in glass bottle. I dont like much going here but when there is no place in nearby restaurants then this is good option.
Rated My favorite South Indian snack joint. No nonsense place. Tasty food. Wonderful filter coffee. My recommendation: kokam serbat, mysore dosa and filter coffee in that order
Rated I had read so much about this place that I finally decided to try it out. One thing that stood out in every thing I read was that you get the best coconut chutney ever. And that's right! The coconut chutney here is a light green color, is a bit spicy and is definitely different than other places. Very very good. I ordered the upma, masala dosa, neer dosa and masala milk here. The upma is fresh and light - had a bit of tomato and chilli going on. Very tasty. It is served with coconut chutney and sambhar. The masala dosa is crispy and the aloo bhaji inside is definitely very tasty. The neer dosa was a beauty - soft, literally melt in your mouth. Delicious. They tasted sooooo good with the coconut chutney. The sambhar here isn't the sweet tasting sambhar - a good mix of tomato and dal and isn't overly thin either. Recommend this place to anyone who digs south indian food. I will totally come back for more.
Rated Visit Day Date n Time:- Monday 14-Mar-16, 7.30 p.m. Another old and famous place in Matunga East for South Indian Food...we just had Dosa n Filter coffee...Filter coffee was amazing..one of the best I had.. Will surely love to visit this place again..to try other food on menu... Must visit place in Mumbai
Rated Sharda Bhavan!!! Again well know restaurant located at Matunga East opposite to matunga railway station taste of this restaurant is too good this is also a South Indian restaurant which consist of South Indian dishes (cuisine) good time for South Indian foodies they make food in their own style e.g Mysore Masala
Rated After stepping into the restaurant, one look at the lungi clad waiters, seating arrangement & ambience; the restaurant could easily be mistaken for a bustling restaurant in Mylapore, Chennai. Even if you have to wait for some time or share the table, it's worth doing so.. We started off with Mysore Masala dosa & Onion Uthappa. The masala dosa had a liberal smearing of molaga podi and tasted nice along with the sambar & Pudina chutney.. Next up was Rasam wada; the wada doused in Rasam tasted awesome and was perhaps the best I've ever had..Wifey opted for wada sambar.. Filter coffee here is as good as you will find anywhere in Mumbai..
Rated Again a very old and legendary place in Matunga. The Place has not changed a bit since I was a school going kid. The same taste, the same style of tables and the time tested menu. They don't believe in messing up with the original recipe to cater to new clientele the way new Udupi restaurants are going about which I am very happy about. Authentic and ethnic. Please be sure to ask the waiter " kya Garam milega" and you will be happy to see freshly made Upma or kela Bajji or mangalore Bajji on your table . Do visit and bless this place for being "Sharada Bhavan"
Rated Amazing selection of cakes and cupcakes with brilliant and innovative designs! Exquisite tastes which just make your heart melt with joy Completely in love!
Rated One of the best cup cakes I hv ever had. Annie a 100 on 10 to u. My family is not too fond of cup cakes but they gorged on it as they were marvellously mouth melting. Everything made to precision the cake to cream consistency to decoration it was just too perfect, could not fault it. I would recommend anyone who is fond of cakes to try them. Thanks Annie fr making my new years so memorable with ur work.
Rated For my wife's birthday, I wanted to try some different kind of cake this year.. I decided to go for the new flavour introduced- Strawberry Nutella.. And it was Simply AMAZING; not jus for taste, but for presentation too... I've never had a cake sooo yummy.. By far the best flavour... I highly recommend this one, if u r a strawberry or Nutella fan.. Thank you sooo much Annie.. 😀😀😀
Rated It was my roommate's birthday and I wanted a really good cake. I was tired with the conventional bakery shops, so opted for home bakers and never I loved my decision so much! I ordered for chocolate truffle and it was love at first sight 😊 A beautiful cake with an equally amazing taste. Thank you so much for making the occasion even more special.
Rated Beautifully decorated cake. The cake is amazing in taste and melts in mouth. I tried it for the first time and it was truly the best. Enjoyed the cake.. It was totally worth it.
Rated Had ordered for a mousse cake. The cake looked lovely and tasted even better. No sooner was the cake cut it was over. The best part was it is egg less. Would really recommend it.
Rated Dessert is heaven and so is this place. A beautiful goodie sent across to us. That all its best selling products and it was difficult for us o choose the best one out. Each product was better then the other. A definitely must try place for all the cake lover so feel that cakes cannot be made eggless. But she dose everything made was eggless and truly lovely!
Rated Baked With Love. Utterly delicious and sinful creations by this amazing home chef. Everything from cakes to cupcakes are a must have. Recommended it to sooo many people, each and every one of them, coming back for more. Divine deserts.
Rated Excellent home made cake place... and much to our amazement... there's no bakery shop at all.. you call... place the order. .. and go to pick your order... the deal happens across the lift. ..!! A really fun deal style I must say...!! And what you get after that... is a pure veg bake done with such finesse. ..great presentation, great taste. ..and a complete melt in the mouth experience it is. ..!! You are sure to order here over and over again...😊
Rated Today was mom's 50th bday wanted to make it special...wanted a special cake for the special occasion in a very short time...Annie made a beautiful and amazingly delicious cake....Chocolate Truffel it was...Everyone liked the cake and i personally loved it...Can't wait trying other cakes...
Rated I know people may find my review bit odd for this place but I'm here to share my frank experience .. Was here on Sunday eve n after a hour wait we finally got place to sit .. Ambiance is like that of basic cafes with wooden long tables n seats ... We started with rasam wada n I personally didn't found rasam as good as was expecting... I surely had much better rasam at other places .. wada served with it was nice n soft .. Had onion uttappa which I found too much thick but it tasted good .. Had neer dosa which was very nice ... Had tuppa onion dosa which looked same as onion uttappam but is made of urad dal n tasted decent .. Had butter sada dosa which was good .. Had this luncheon combo which had mix rice n was OK .. Out of that bisibele rice was very nice .. We asked for lemon crush but was told they were not serving it that time so instead ordered ginger lemon which was not good ... Best was filter coffee out here .. Surely if one goes here should have filter coffee they serve .. Service was let down .. Waiter who was taking order was in such a hurry .. He literally went mid way while taking order as we were discussing n said "nakki Kar lo fir bulao" .. Come on man ...we asked for appam n he said "we don't serve it when rush" n so discussion took place ... Atleast he should give us a min .. Anyways I had mix experience .. My review brings honesty n will always do so ... Surely try this place but avoid peak times as I didn't find it worth a hour wait specially when there are few south Indian joints nearby in 100mtr radius to try from.
Rated Finally I am writing review of this legendary cafe. Had high expectations but was disappointed. Will give benefit of doubt as I went on late Sunday night. Idli was good but rest of items like dahi vada and other ordered dosa were okay-okay. In fact coconut chutney taste was not good, salt was less. Expected to end my visit on high with good filter coffee, its taste was like authentic south India filter coffee but unfortunately was not served hot so did not enjoy much. It is a very small place, you end up waiting for 20-25 mins. I felt it wasn't worth waiting. But been legendary cafe will definitely visit once more and hopefully taste and service will be far better from today.
Rated Loads of plans that got cancelled and postponed led to an impromptu meeting with school buddies. We had to wait an hour for a table... But we thought it would be worth it. However, it was a very comme ci comme ca experience. Hence the low score although this is a traditionally raved about place. Here goes : Idli Wada in kadi - soft Idli and crispy Wada were awesome as was the kadi. Really good stuff Rasam - awesome... No other words.. Set dosa - well cooked with a sweet tinge... We asked for gunpowder and ghee to have alongside... That definitely helped lift the taste profile. Raagi Masala Dosa - masala was plonked on the plate under the dosa... And cold... Dosa had big chunks of onions, so the mouthful had mixed tastes.. One full of onions, one with none. Raagi mysore masala dosa - not exciting at all... ** Note : the sambhar and chutney for such an iconic eatery was really tasteless.... This was the biggest let down ** Sheera - tasty and not too heavy Filter coffee - tasted like it was made in a rush, did not have the flavours one is used to as in a coffee that's made with some TLC. The wait, the tasteless sambhar and chutney would be big obstacles to overcome if I ever contemplated going back again...
Rated This is my favorite breakfast destination in Mumbai and I get urges of dosas in my dreams :D It serves a variety of dosas and all other South Indian breakfast options.Tuppa Masala Dosa is a must try ,so is the pineapple shira.Butter Idli Podi was a pleasant surprise for us and all authentic South Indian meals must end with strong filter kaapi.Seating is hard to find and most of the times you end up sharing tables but that just adds to the fun. Overall Food - 4/5 Ambience - 3.5/5 Service - 4/5
Rated More half an hour waiting we finally got place to sit. U need to be quick with ur order or u have to wait more to eat. Always crowded but good food. This time tried bisi bele rice and tupa Masala Dosa and my fav medu wada. Do try der various chutney available.
Rated After all the rave reviews of this place, Had a very mixed experience here: The good: Mysore dosa - quite good, nice and crispy with good taste Podi idli - also very good The bad: Uttapam- way too salty. Couldn't finish it. Selection/availability - I get quite disappointed in restaurants that can't maintain availability of signature dishes. Especially when we traveled all the way here specifically to have them. We had come especially for the Podi upma and they were out of this. They were also out of sheera. For a place that has fairly limited selection, to be out of major parts of the menu is not good.
Rated Authentic South Indian food for foodies like me.. All the items on the menu are as authentic as it gets, it does not hurt your wallet and the staff is very well versed with each item in the menu!so much so that they make the bill by hand in front of you remembering each and every item you ordered and coming to the taste again it is pure lip-smacking and you just can't resist cleaning up the plates, the chutney, the sambhar! A legend from so many decades continous to amaze foodie inside us all
Rated A good meal everytime you are there. It van get the tittle for the best sambar on mumbai. The rava dosa and the coffee make peolle stand in a line for hours. It's the most difficult thing to get a seat during Sunday lunch time or dinner. It maintains its old look and ways and means to offer good food
Rated My friend took me to the iconic Madras Cafe. I expected it to be grand with a big entrance. But, I was almost surprised to see a small entrance into a congested seating. Everything looked hygienic though. We ordered Butter Idli, Rava Masala Dosa, Medu Vada Sambhar and Pineapple Sheera. Such good, simple South Indian food. The sambhar wasn't sweet, it was sour and full of spices - just the way they make it in Chennai. Fresh coconut chutney accompanied the beautiful dishes. We had their filter coffee and I was transported back to my engineering days in Tamil Nadu. It is a must visit for just its coffee alone!
Rated This place reflects the old world charm with tall ceiling & typical wood furniture !! Food quality is superb !! No menu cards here !! Mysore sada dosa - superb !! Kadi idli - Must Have !! Fantastic Kadi !! Onion rava dosa (with extra chillies) - superb !! Ulundu - superb !! Sambar & Chutney - superb !! Kokam sharbat - refreshing !! Overall a pleasant experience !! Must visit !!
Rated The place is legendary. To rate it is just not right! Having grown up over its snacks and coffee... I can say you got to go there and experience the place. The best part is it's a no frill joint....khao. Piyo aur phuto ;) Have whatever you fancy and I bet you will be content...you don't go there just when you are hungry...you even go there ( when it's not crowded) to have a peaceful cup of coffee. Sit on the mezanine and watch the world below sipping coffee or sit near the window and see the world go past by you. Bliss.....
Rated Amba Bhavan another legendary udipi at Matunga.. Shardha bhavan and Amba bhavan both are owned and run by the same family. This place is really old. The wooden open mezzanine and the black white checkered flooring speak a lot about that era. Some old irani cafe's too have similar interiors that belong to that era. These restaurants do not have a menu card but instead write on black boards or have signboards. If a dish is exhausted in the kitchen they either wipe it off from the board or pull the sign out. So there isn't any need to ask the server about the availability of the dishes. I recently had the Kadhi wada.. being my favourite, dal wada, onion rawa masala dosa and mysore sada dosa. Unfortunately Bisibela bhaat isn't available on fridays. Kadhi Wada- Very Good! Soft udad dal wadas soaked in thick kadhi which is a little sour and sweet with a hint of coconut. Yummy! Just how I like it. I had two portions of it. Dal Wada- They were too dry and tough! I disliked them. I have eaten better. They were served cold and were hard to break with a spoon. Rawa Masala Dosa- Again not the best I had! Ramashray makes it better. Was thick at some portions. Not too crispy. Average! The masala tasted average too. Had large chunks of potatoes. Average dish! Mysore sada- The mysore chutney applied in the dosa here is not the regular red chutney which is done at most udipis. It is a light green coconut chutney here. It tastes ok. I prefer the red one. Dosa was nice and crispy. Was good but not the best! Kokum Sharbat- Good! I wanted to try their peserettu but was too full. May be next time. The sambar and chutney are good. Good VFM. Good place with good food.
Rated Even though I live in Bangalore, I don't typically eat Idlis for breakfast but there is something about being in another city and having the luxury of South Indian Cuisine. Since I was staying with a friend in Matunga and was given the lowdown on the history of the area and its South Indian influence, I jumped at the opportunity to try out the food at Amba Bhavan. From the exterior, it looks simple, ordinary. The interiors reflect this simplicity with tables and chairs squeezed into a rather small dining area. The tiny upstairs balcony section is the best. It's a bit more private. I ordered a simply Idli Vada smothered in Sambar with some chutney on the side. Gobbled it up and ordered for a second round - very nicely done. Two cups of Kaapi and I also tried this Ginger Lemon drink - brilliant. The waiters are bare foot and clad in lungis - classic! Amb Bhavan, I shall be back again soon for breakfast. Keep those idlis and vadas warm until I do. Cheers and Stay Frothy (the coffee kind) talesoffroth.wordpress.com
Rated RATINGS: ======= Food (3.5/5) Service (4.0/5) Pricing (3.5/5) Ambiance (3.0/5) FOOD: A South Indian eatery serves all the typical South Indian items, which is less known to me but I preferred to judge them with the basic option of Idli Sambhar, Rava Sada Dosa and a Filter Coffee. Idlis were absolutely soft and fresh, the softness itself states that the cook knows all the tricks and tips to make the perfect idli. However, Sambhar was not so exciting, it was more in thickness and less tangy that actually made me feel like having a Dal Fry it was bit on bland side and less spicy as well but the light green coconut chutney was fresh and up to the mark. Next was Rava Sada Dosa, which was good in taste but was very very oily, making it soft then crispy, it also prevented me from taking the pictures of it as it was so oily. Filter coffee is fresh and taste crisp, it helps is vanishing your laziness. It would say filter coffee here is amazing and competes with other South Indian restaurants in the area. SERVICE: Service is fast here, I had my breakfast here on Sunday morning and I could witness a long queue waiting outside the restaurant to grab a table, So the captains make it quick for you, One thing which I would appreciate here was the smiling face of captains that actually made my morning. PRICING: Pricing is reasonable I paid approx Rs.60/- for my breakfast, they do nit have any tax structure. AMBIANCE: An old style South Indian eatery with basic ambiance using wooden table and benches on sharing basis. The place is absolutely neat and clean with a spacious walk through. ****************************Our SOCIAL MEDIA Presence ********************************** Hit Like on our Facebook Page /weekendmasala Follow us on our Twitter Handle @weekendmasala Check out the most tempting Food Photography on instagram @weekendmasala weekendmasala.blogspot.com
Rated Another South Indian resto with authentic taste of food, Best is tea and filter coffee. Also upma, seera, dosas are always tasty here. Such restaurants never compromise on quality. They are been here since ages.
Rated So many restaurants in Matunga and yet they all have managed to carve a niche for themselves, Amba Bhavan is no different. Out of all the restaurants this is the one that serves a menu which is very close to the restaurants in the south. Pongal, kadhi vada in addition to the standard idli, dosa, vada and upma. Their sambhar is standout, very flavourful and they use a lot of coconut in it. It's a recent discovery for me and I haven't tried a lot of their food but whatever I did have was really good.
Rated One of the Coolest Places in Matunga East to have the Crispy Dhosa and their Sp. RED powdered Chutney is like Icing on a Cake. When there plz dont miss their Cuppa Coffee it is definately one of the most have Kinda ☺ Meghna Girohtra : have one of the best meets and loved your Company 😊
Rated Amba Bhavan belongs to an era when tall ceilings, lot of emphasis on wood-work, open mezzanine floors, checkered black and white / gray flooring, good quality and inexpensive food was the order of the day. Internet was not introduced in India; the only way of knowing where good food was provided was word-of-mouth publicity. Amba Bhavan has stayed in that time zone ever since its inception. Amba Bhavan & Sharada Bhavan are owned and managed by the same family and hence there is similarity in the taste, the interiors even the attire of the waiters. Interesting part of the menu at the both the places is that it is displayed like a board on the wall. If any particular item / dish is not available to be ordered or has the raw material has exhausted, then the that particular dish is pulled half out of its slot indicating its unavailability. They offer some unique dishes which you will not find in most restaurants; Goli Bhaji, Kadhi Wada, Ullundu Dosa & Dal Wada to name a few. Their sambar is a bit sharp on the taste and is devoid of any jiggery. The chutney is decently thick and largely made of a blend of coconut shavings and fresh coriander. The 2nd part of the name has been largely missed out while listing the place; “COFFEE CLUB”. This part of the title of this place is equally important & has some significance as well. They serve a pretty strong coffee which packs a nice punch. This place is a legend in its own right, deems a visit for sure!
Rated Perennial favorite any time of day restaurant. Always serve fresh steaming hot idli. Would be unfair to say which idli is the best as all varieties are special in their own way, but the seasonal butter Jackfruit is a standout. Also their service is top rated. Probably one of the few places where quality has remained consistent through the years. Highly recommended.
Rated Matunga has been yet the undisputed king of South Indian cuisine in whole Mumbai I consider there every restaurants or cafes I must say are always full in queues so that time I remind of idli house always a new menu here at this place to try so always go by today's special menu you will get variety in idlis which is special please try it guys.
Rated Want to have Idli that too variety of Idli then this place is the only place in Mumbai I think we're we get different types of Idli.. It only serves Idli as you can see the name itself is Idli house.. Usually I don't like Idli but after being here I am in love with Idli.. We tried various types of idli which was amazing g and fresh.. FRIENDS MUST TRY- rava Idli, vegetable Idli, normal idli and really won't regret being at this small Idli house Service - 4/5 Quality -4/5 Value for money - 4/5
Rated Idli lovers already know this place, if you haven't heard about Idli house yet, you have missed out on a fab place. It's an absolute paradise for Idlis, there are more than 20 varieties of Idlis available and each one of them is lip smacking delicious. It's a pretty small place with not more than 4-5 tables but it's pretty famous just like cafe madras which is just 50m away. Visit both the places if you love traditional South Indian food. justaboutfood.weebly.com
Rated One of my favourite breakfast place !! Love South Indian food and want to try authentic and variety of Idli? This is the place to visit. Ordered: Khotto - Idli steamed in a jackfruit leaf. Masala Idili - A bit spicy but unique, Made of sambar masala and onion. Jackfruit Idli - Sweet dish ! Yes, sweet Idili with "makkhan" Filter "Kaapee" to concluded ! Malgapuddi chutney with oil is over and above the regular coconut chutney and sambhar. I had rated 4.5 stars, but made it 4 as sambhar was not up to the mark!! Expectations from the legend are exceptional ;-)
Rated Probably the best authentic idli house in town, located at king circle Matunga east, been there first time with my chef friend and he recommended Mudho & Kanchipuram Idli, Mudho is another variation of idli comes wrapped in Banana leaf, They serve idlis with unlimited Chutney, Molgapodi, Limdapodi & Coconut oil, Must say it was the best Idlis I ever had in my life. You can also try Paan bidu after meals, service is very quick & staff is also very friendly, They also sell Molgapodi & Limdapodi masala separately... Strongly recommended.
Rated Idliiiii house!!!! Yummy my favorite since I'm South India foodie obviously I love idlii I have tasted idli at so many places outlets across Mumbai but the taste presentation ambience is too good across all over Mumbai this is only the outlet or restaurant where you will get idli soft according to me:)
Rated A long time ago - during one of Team Eat Review Repeat’s discussions on where to have breakfast the name “Idli House” popped up. Since then – mind you “A Long Time Ago” I have been requesting people to plan a visit. And finally we – Priyal Mayekar, Sushant Hiray & me visited Idli House on Sunday morning :) A train & taxi ride later we reached this chottu-little place with just 3 tables & around 12-13 chairs. You can stand & eat, sit outside on chairs & eat or just parcel your order & enjoy it in the comforts of your home. Without wasting too much time we ordered – Khotto, Mudho & Oondhi with sambar. Few minutes & these beauties were served. Khotto or kotte is idli shaped like a mini loaf steamed in Jackfruit leaf.Mudho is a cylindrical-log shaped idli steamed in Kedki (kewra) leaves & sealed with small twigs.Oondhi for me was like a upma ball. Served with Sambar – one of the best sambar’s I have had, not sweet at all – we loved all of them. For the next round we order Vegetable Idli, Idiyappam, Rasam & Daalitoya. The vegetable idli was good but the rasam was amazing. I even liked daalitoya – kind of a dal. You can skip the idiyappam. Enjoy the idli’s with the coconut chutney or the other dry powder chutney’s – mulgapodi, limbda pudi. If you are a idli fan or otherwise, one must visit Idli House to just taste the idli’s & the super filter caapi :) Food – 4.5/5Ambiance – 3/5Service – 4.5/5Value For Money – 4.5/5
Rated I had Masala idli and Kanchipuram idli out of the long list of different idlis. It was really good as you can expect from Udipi. The chutney and sambhar were amazing.
Rated To be honest, I have had quite a few idlis in my lifetime, but this one stands tall- though not atop but certainly amongst the higher echelons. Decent Lil combinations with oils and gun powder and chutneys. Just mash that damn thing and let it soak into those umpteen flavors!!
Rated Ordered a heart shaped cookie pizza for a friend's birthday and it was one of the best variety of cakes I have eaten so far. It was filled with every sinful chocolate you would love in your dessert and the taste of every ingredient could be distinguishly felt. Would really recommend Batterup for its quality and unique options for indulging in desserts.
Rated I have been to this place on recommendations of zomato, Awesome comes to mind when you have first bite of double chocolate nutella seasalt cookies it was simply out of world & tried there m & m cookies which was equally good but Dbl Choc was steal though it is little expensive but it is worth it, they accept only pre orders but on my request they have given from someone else order which was nice of them, eagerly awaiting to try there other options & pizza cookies / cake cookies an alternate to sponge cakes for birthdays, thanks zomato for recommending such lovely place & would recommend to every dessert lover. On there suggestions I have warm the cookie for 40 seconds
Rated 5 star too less to express my gratitude towards this talent. Never had such amazing cookies. Totally worth it. Amazing. Must must must must have. You jus cant miss out on cookie pizza n double chocolate nuttella caramel seasalt cookies. Its heaven
Rated had ordered d cookie pizza wid topping of chocolates of my choosing..did dis for a bday cake for my wife.. damn amazing stuff..absolutely luvd it..what amazing taste and d happiness of chocolates. some purists may not like it as it hardly feels like a cake..more of a cookie wid toppings..but sadly dey r being cynical;-) a bit expensive..but worth d smile and d brownie points!!
Rated Came across the nicest person and very unique concept of cookie pizza. Most indulgent Choco ladden dessert ever. Enjoyed every single crumb of it??
Rated OK so now we have found a substitute for unbelievably overpriced fondant covered birthday cakes!!! Ordered the cookie pizza today for my sister and everyone looooooved it. It is super delicious and duper heavenly!!! Must try for everyone who seeks something new and different for any other occasion!!! Definately ordering again!!!
Rated The cookies from Batter Up are honestly a winner for me. They have a extensive variety of cookies ranging right from red velvet Lindor to Cadbury silk. For me, the Double chocolate Nutella caramel sea salt was the star. One of the best cookies I've ever had! It's totally worth the price, because I can promise you, one cookie shared between two people is enough to fill your stomach! They are huge and sooooo filling. It beats Sweetish House Mafia by leaps and bounds. And is in a seriously tight competition with Indigo Deli cookies. Best part is, all the flavours can be made eggless. I would highly recommend this for gifting, or even when you're in the mood for a different and yummy dessert. Oh and, the delivery is smooth and the packaging is cute:)
Rated Best cookies I've had till date. I won the Instagram contest and hence was the lucky winner of four scrumptious large cookies. Mars, Nutella, Bounty and Double Chocolate Salted Caramel Nutella. All four were perfect and just how cookies should be - crunchy on the outside and chewy on the inside. Definitely going to be a regular here ?
Rated Post #3 in the #TheVBLovesMeetha series is all about Anushree, a doctor cum home baker who bakes some delicious cookies under the brand name : Batter UpCookies and More! I came across Batter Up on Instagram and the stalked them on Zomato and Facebook and was totally amazed by their cookie pizzas and decided to give it a try; my biggest concern being the fact that they are based in King’s Circle and me, in Juhu; but one phone call and all my worries were laid to rest when I was told they deliver all across the city! [A minimum order of 6 cookies always needs to be placed] So, after a hell lot of efforts on my part to convince Anushree to make me a mini Cookie Pizza [NOTE : Mini Cookie Pizzas are made only for bulk orders and cost INR 300 per piece; the regular Cookie Pizzas cost INR 1000 per piece], she finally agreed and I placed my order for 1 mini Cookie Pizza and 6 cookies off her menu! The Cookie Pizza was beautiful and absolutely delicious, but, way too sweet! And why not! With all the cookie dough and the Nutella and the Ferrero Rocher and the Oreo and the Oreo Soil and the Choco-wafer rolls; this was literally sugar overload! Not that I didn’t enjoy it, I loved it, but I would have enjoyed it more had the base had been sea salt cookie instead! The other cookies that I called for included : Snickers [INR 90], Fererro Rocher [INR 90], Nutella [INR 80], Kitkat [INR 80], Twix [INR 90] and the Double Chocolate Caramel Nutella Sea Salt [INR 110]! While the Snickers and Ferrero Rocher cookies tasted the same to me; the Double Chocolate Caramel Nutella Sea Salt (don’t go by the looong name) and the Twix were clear favourites while the Nutella and Kit Kat came next to them! Note : All cookies can be made eggless on request! thevegetarianbhukkad.com
Rated Struggling to find someone who would deliver something top notch to satisfy the sweet tooth of a friend and i am glad i ended up here. I was fascinated looking at all the cookies & cookie pizza pictures, that i decided to call the owner and check for a delivery option and the owner was equally sweet and helpful. I decided to call for nearly all the cookie options available (Nutella stuffed chocolate chip, Oreo, Red velvet, Peanut butter, M&M, Twix, Hazlenut Praline and finally DOUBLE CHOCOLATE CHIP NUTELLA CARAMEL SEA SALT) turns out each and every cookie was to literally drool over for. The friend who relished these cookies was in 'Cookie Heaven' and keeping everyone's hands off them was well quite a task. I mean who wants to give away such a prize? The packing and everything was sorted to perfection, delivered exactly when i wanted it to and the taste Mmmm that lasted a long time. Can't wait to place an order again (:
Rated Closest decent place for lunch , went in after a long time n found the menu to be revamped 1) som Tam salad : very well made ( just perfect ) 2) aubergine stick ,: well made in barbaque sauce but a lil oily 3 ) lamb in barbaque sauce : the lamb could have been a lil more succulent so lil disappointed 4 ) Thai fried rice ,: the flavours of the rice didn't live up flavour 5 ) cosmopolitan drink : it was tat lil sweet.
Rated Went there on a Monday evening, to satisfy my craving for GOOD Chinese food. I wasn't disappointed at all. The ambience is good, both down and 1st floor. The service was good and they kept an eventual eye at the table and offered help without having told them. I had two cosmopolitans on which we got one free. This place is worth it, though slightly cheaper places are also be found.
Rated After reading all the positive review & passing over this joint while visiting the much talked about place ''Cafe Iranii Chai'' I decided that I need to visit ''And Chillies'' soon. FOOD (3.5/5) Veg Manchow Soup : THE BEST VEG MANCHOW I HAD EVER! Not exaggerating but I would definitely come to this place just to have a bowl of this soup. Thick base loaded with extremely finely chopped vegetables with perfect spice! MUST HAVE. Burnt Basil Chilli Paneer : This wasn't dry at all. Infact it had some gravy which I totally appreciate. Paneer was soft n basil flavour was perfectly done. MUST HAVE. Kung Pao Chicken : Spicy stir fried made with chicken, vegetables and chilli papers. This too had some gravy. But chicken was bit chewy. Burnt Garlic Hakka Noddles : Strictly okayish! The noddlea were not thin enough. This is dissappointing especially from Pan Asian serving restaurant. Taste wise it was low in flavour. Failed to impress. Vietnamese Sauce Veg: The better one of the two gravies we tried. Again perfect on thickness quotient. Vegetables were scanty but overall tasty. Teriyaki Sauce Chicken : Though I particular do not like Japanese cuisine, I indeed love their teriyaki sauce which is ideally sweetish in taste. Here too the sauce was well made but chicken wasn't tender. Crispy Chocolate Roll : Quiet innovative I must say. Outer covering made similar to spring roll stuffed with chocolate chunks & deep fried n dipped in sugar syrup served with vanilla ice cream topped with chocolate sauce. AMBIENCE (3/5) Sweet, simple. Roof height is less. Nothing exceptional to say about. SERVICE (4/5) Surprisingly on a weekday around 12.30pm we were their only patrons. So we were given all kind of attention & hardly had to ask for any service. Staff was polite. CONCLUSION We opted for pre fixed menu for weekday lunch consisting of soup, appetizer,entrees & rice/noodles & dessert/beverage @ just 325 (veg)/375 (non veg) which I feel is pure VFM. They just need to improve on certain grounds to become big in business.
Rated A long day at a recording studio means you should get the food right. These are the little pleasures of our work. So we ordered some food from here. I had the Khao Suey. And it was pretty decent. Well cooked. And pretty decent sauce. Just felt that the the amount of chicken was a little less though. The food quantity was also pretty good. (two people can easily have it.)
Rated This is actually a hidden gem... We have never been to this place but always end up taking a home delivery or take away... Love the food ... We usually order TKP chicken, asian cilantro chicken ... And Vietnamese chicken as gravy with some Bangkok style fried rice ... Though we have tried other things as well but these dishes are our favs.
Rated Ordered in on a Saturday evening for 7 adults for anniversary celebrations as it was only place ready to deliver Burmese Khow Suey :) even though I live at least 30-45 mins away...they did not disappoint! Order: 3 portions veg Burmese Khow Suey 2 portions Thai rice 2 portions veg Thai Green curry 2 Lemon Coriander Soup 2 South Asian mix veggies Food: Absolutely lip-smacking! And they got the flavours bang on.....one teeny-tiny put-off was usage of regular noodles and not glass noodles in the Khow Suey. But all is forgiven guys.....My brother-in-law, who prefers only 'authentic and real' thai food also approved of the food. The use of basil was perfect. The delivery was prompt and took only that much time to deliver as promised. They also answered all our questions patiently across multiple phone calls. Thank you And Chilies!
Rated Good food and good ambience too... Have been there twice now, and both the times have got good value for money... The wheat based noodles are very tasty and even the chicken served in the starter was very soft and juicy... On the whole a good restaurant with value for money but the portion sizes aren't as big as that of five spice but are good enough such that 2 main course meals can serve 3 adults
Rated Ordered in food from this place on Friday. Vegetable Chowmein and Asian Cilantro Chicken. Veg. Chowmein was good, the Asian Cilantro Chicken was average. Very small portion of the chicken. Not very expensive though!! Decent place to order in Chinese food from.
Rated After having tried almost everything in and around Matunga there are very few options left. Thanks to zomato we got to order from And chillies. Sunday night craving for Chinese was very well satisfied by some awesome food by And chillies. We ordered pan fried gyoza, chicken in black bean sauce and chilly garlic rice. The dumplings were simply delicious. The preparation of Asian curry had that authentic touch. The quantity of chicken in the curry was good. The chilly garlic rice were perfectly seasoned with the flavour of garlic although I felt that it was a bit too spicy. But And chillies definitely gets my recommendation.
Rated Had some really nice, bountiful and chunky pieces/slices. of roast pork from here. Very tender, tasty as ever and very very generous on the pork pieces/slices. I asked for roasted pork in a non spicy gravy. Don't think they had it so the guy on the phone advised for some sweetish gravy (was still a bit spicy though) but ohhhhh soooo wonderful. They should keep sticky rice here. It would have gone beautifully with the pork!! Will be ordering from here very very often now.
Rated As its just a takeaway corner, we can rate it solely for their food and rate it high. As suggested by fellow zomato reviewers, i had to try their famous chicken dum biryani which is served in a clay pot. It was delicious indeed but i still prefer the chicken tikka biryani over that! Chicken was soft and tender and tasted of tandoor. In gravy we tried chicken akbari and chicken kadhai. Chicken akbari was heavenly and definitely a must try. Kadhai was a bit of disappointment as it had too much of onion and capsicum. Spicy chicken crispy was good too. Their rotis were soft and not very chewy. I would go for the indian, moghlai food anytime over their chinese or thai dishes. I was amused by their portions of each item. Definitely a worth try! Happy dining!
Rated This place is a take away/delivery joint only. Run by the guys who own several other joints in Dadar-Shivaji park neighbourhood...Gypsy, Home chef, Open house. The curries taste good. But what i like the most is that they have an option of ordering half or full plate for every entree'. You can have more variety even when you are ordering for 1-2 persons an option not provided by any other joint.This (half plate) is an old mumbai concept which just vanished after the 90's. You pay about 400 bucks when you order 2 half plate entrees and rotis for 2. Real value. An extra half a point for just that.
Rated I went to Express Dine yesterday and came to know from one of their staff members that this place used to be "Nebula" before which was 30 years old place in Dadar, it was shut down due to the building renovation so now they have moved to the concept of home delivery only and renamed the place as "Express Dine". Since the concept of the kitchen ran well so they decided to continue with it. I had to struggle a bit to find the place since it is hidden in the lane where the Police Station is located near Sena Bhavan in Dadar. Okay, Now let's talk about the food. I ordered one chicken dum biryani and one chicken Tikka biryani. The food that they gave me was hot, Fresh and tasty so no complaints about the quality of food. Chicken Tikka Biryani (INR 385)- Chicken Tikka Biryani is Biryani rice with chicken tikka masala. Tasted ok and nice quantity. Chicken Dum Biryani (INR 325)- The Matka containing the Dum Biryani was wrapped in a newspaper and the matka was intact, its lid was sealed with dough. The idea of serving dum biryani was exceptional and Dum Biryani tasted better than chicken tikka biryani. The size of the Matka is big so when you look at the Dum Biryani in Matka then you'd think that the quantity of dum biryani is good but No ! When you put the Dum Biryani in your plate then you will realize that the quantity of Dum biryani is not that much as it looks like in the Matka so they must improve the quantity of Dum Biryani. Nice taste, may order from them in the future.
Rated This is just a take-away, home delivery restaurant in Shivaji Park Dadar. Hence, the rating is purely based on its food rather than anything else. The food they deliver is is hot, fresh and tasty. The portions are also very huge. I had ordered the veg. Chilli milli and tandoori roti and the dum biryani from here. The vegetable was very good in taste and rotis were fresh. The dum biryani was exceptional. It was served in a clay pot with a dough covered on it. This kept the biryani hot for even an hour. The quantity was huge that served four of us. I definitely recommend if you are in that area you should try their food once.
Rated Diwali is certainly a time one tends to order in a lot when friends and families come over un expectedly. Express dine is a very good option for ordering in if you live in the Dadar/ Shivaji park area. The food is reliable and the sanity of your stomach is ensured the next day! Having said that even though their menu offers the world most of their loyal customers would agree with me that they do Indian food the best! Especially items like chicken tandoori, butter chicken and chicken tikka masala. Two days ago I ordered Chinese along with my standard Indian fare and boy was I disappointed! So stick to the Indian tandoor items and you should do great! No pictures people as I don't think packaged food photographs well! The oil floats to the top and the white delivery containers are almost clinical and laboratory like :-)
Rated Date : 20 Sep 15 @ 01.00 PM This is one of our family favourites. First things first : - This is a take away or home delivery place only Now for some history : - In its original avatar was a good dine-in restaurant - named Nebula - @ Shivaji Park - served veg & non veg food and had a bar too :) Zoom Into the present : Was a rainy , Sunday afternoon so we decided to order food from here. Pop came the cell phone out of my pocket and fired up the browser to look at the menu courtesy Zomato :) Decided to order [after a lot of haggling as usual] the following : 1. Panner Malai Tikka - which were superb with a beer [cheers] 2. Veg Makhanwala - all time classic 3. Kaju Mutter curry - good make sure you order in red gravy , a little more cashews would make it tastier though 4. Mix of rotis and Nan 5. Kali Daal Makhani - was superb 6. Jeera Rice - well done The food was tasty, and most important warm. Of course the lead time for delivery is 30-45 minutes but then that is ok as long as you budget for it. Overall : 4/5 Food : 4/5 Service : 4/5 A must try if you are lazing around your pad and need good veg and [oh! yes] non-veg food.
Rated Nebula Restaurant used to be a very nice place. They then turned this into a takeaway & delivery kitchen. I guess this was set to be temporary arrangement until the building where Nebula Restaurant was reconstructed. But the when the Kitchen idea ran so well, I guess they decided to continue with it and I must say it was a great idea. The location of the place is quite hidden but it is acceptable as it's only a kitchen. The reputation of this kitchen around the vicinity is quite good. I've visited this place and as far as I've seen, the kitchen looks quite clean and sophisticated. They have great variety of dishes from different cuisines. My favorites are Chinese & Moughlai. It's always delivered hot. Non-vegetarian is also fresh and tender. And yes, the food is delicious. And they offer large portions of food. I'd recommend if you are ordering a 2-person meal, go for half portions of dishes. Quite a few dishes in their menu are available in half portions. According to me, the taste is little different from the ordinary, but different is good. These guys offer free delivery in the vicinity and also offer paid delivery for places not covered in the free delivery range. Two things due to which the rating lost 1.0 point were; 1) A little late delivery. For a 3-dish meal they took 45-50mins. 2) Prices may seem a bit too high sometimes for just a kitchen place but then sometimes it seems that those are compensated by the delicious food and filing quantity. Concluding, I'd definitely recommend this place for a home delivery/takeway.
Rated Once upon a time in Shivaji Park, Dadar, an establishment named Nebula took the entire vicinity by storm. Sadly the management downed its shutters and it was my misfortune to not have dined at Nebula, but my mother, a ‘pakka dadarkar’ always revered this particular restaurant. So I absolutely had to tick this place off my ‘been there’ list when I learned from Sandeep Nadkarni and Vidyadheesh Upadhye's reviews that Nebula has been rebranded into Express Dine, a home delivery/ take-away joint from the management of Gypsy Chinese & Gypsy Corner, Shivaji Park. The menu runs into 9 pages and embodies a major chunk of North Indian, Chinese & Thai cuisine. The Chinese & Thai fare is Gypsy’s menu verbatim and I don’t fancy their food either ways, so placed my order for Chicken Kalimiri Kebabs, Garlic Naan,& Chicken Dum Biryani. The order was taken swiftly and delivery took around 1 hour. The immaculate packaging wowed me completely. Small containers of chutney, raita & pickle along with sliced onions as well as onion shallots were placed together in one paper bag and were not dumped like all other delivery joints. CHICKEN KALIMRI KEBABS (INR 265): - Tender & juicy chunks of chicken subsumed the heat of pepper, though they deceptively looked low on heat. Comparatively pricey for a portion of 6, the kebabs especially the robust kick of the pepper brought immense joy to my taste buds & a vial of tears to my eyes. BUTTER GARLIC NAAN (INR 65): - I subjected the Naan to test of time and it made me proud and how! The naan remained soft and thankfully wasn’t reduced to an insipid chewy papad. The naan was brushed rather abundantly with a spicy concoction of butter, red chilli & garlic. I could eat this by itself, it was that flavorsome. I must mention that my sole intention was to sample the ‘Matka Dum Biryani’ as I have failed miserably, time and again in my search of a perfect ‘Hyderabadi’ Dum Biryani in Mumbai. Though the biryani was not affixed with the most abused affixation to any biryani served in Mumbai – Hyderabadi, I was more intrigued with the ‘matka’ & ‘dum’ part of it. So read further on to know if this Biryani actually possesses any ‘Dum’! CHICKEN DUM BIRYANI (INR 315): - The matka (more like a spooky urn used to store the ashes of a cremated person :P ) containing the biryani was wrapped in a newspaper enclosure and it was almost like unwrapping a birthday present, which I seldom receive on my birthdays or otherwise. The matka was intact and its lid was sealed with dough, this alone is the testimony to the fact it is indeed ‘dum’ biryani. The idea of serving the biryani in the matka works wonders. Firstly the biryani remains warm and it also enhances the taste. However, Dum-A-Dum,Pune was where I first saw the matka containing the biryani being home delivered. Anyhow, unsealing the matka let out an alluring smokey aroma, a by-product of the Dum process. Long grained flavourful rice was garnished with barista (fried browned onion) and from the looks of it appeared to be sans masala or grease ,this formed the first layer. After serving the initial layer of rice in my supercilious hyderabadi fellow diner’s plate, I discovered this fiery looking blood red onion & tomato masala staring right back at me, much to the hyderabadi diner’s chagrin. Hyderabadi biryani is essentially a drier biryani and this was in no way dry. I hurriedly stuffed the biryani in my mouth to save my face and I was totally blown away by the taste. Though it was a typical Bombay biryani just served in a different avatar, the taste was appetising. Huge boneless chunks of chicken were succulent and toothsome. Hopefully, they can reduce the amount of masala next time. While, the fellow diner kept cribbing and crying, I savoured the whole biryani to myself. The quantity is sufficient for 3 people with small/ medium appetites. A special mention to the raita given as an accompaniment, the curd used was fresh and had not gone sour & was creamy though tad bit low on salt. FINAL VERDICT: - Express Dine is an impressive new find and doesn’t have defined delivery proximities. They deliver right from Colaba to Andheri for a certain delivery charge. Good quality of food at competitive prices with reasonable delivery time is how I would like to sum up my experience and yes, the biryani passed the dum test ;-) A big shout out to Sandeep Nadkarni & Vidyadheesh Upadhye for this great find ! eaternityandbeyond.wordpress.com
Rated When Nebula downed shutters on its restaurant business, they smartly decided to keep their kitchen working and convert the business into a delivery-only model. Their food was always popular and had quite a few ardent fans; I am glad that has continued as well. Their order taking is quick and if in case you are spoilt for choice and don’t know what to order, they help you as well with dishes and portions as well. Their portions are lavish and hence you can place order in full or half quantity. I found that the half is good enough for 2 people. Delivery takes 45-50 minutes depending upon where you stay. Packaging is very neat and their expertise is exhibited in it. I ordered from them on 2 occasions and wasn’t disappointed on both times, on count of food and delivery. I have ordered the following: Veg Kofta Curry – Soft Kofta made from french beans, carrots and potatoes dunked in a mild spicy tomato based gravy. We generally expect this dish to a sweet to mild tasting dish but this one was a jumble of bit sourness, sweet and spicy. Only let down was that the Kofta had soaked completely and hence the moment it was placed on the plate, they broke into halves.Can you please deliver the Kofta separately, we can dunk them in the gravy after being delivered. Paneer Kadhai – Umm-so-soft Paneer cooked in mild gravy with capsicum and onion julienne's. This dish will count among the best Paneer dishes I have ever had. It was so nice that my 2 year old niece polished off a couple of Paneer pieces. RECOMMENDED! Veg Dum Biryani – This one was delivered in an earthen pot complete with the sealing off the lid by dough. It was indeed a revelation. Never before have I seen Biryani being delivered like this and mind you it was decently warm when delivered.Open the pot and you will find nicely fried onions garnished on top; proceed to remove it aside and also some of the rice on the top. Dig your spoon deep into the sides of the pot and serve the aromatic rice. The gravy consists of onions, green peas, cauliflower and Paneer. It may seem oily on first sight but when you mix it well with the plain rice, it hardly seems oily. The spicing is very well balanced. RECOMMENDED WITHOUT A SECOND THOUGHT! There are many more goodies on that menu card and I can’t wait to order again. Food Quality – 4/5 Food Quantity – 4.5/5 Service – 4/5 Price – 4.5/5
Rated Best vegetarian Maharashtrian food joint in Mumbai... Prakash is a place that serves you authentic vegetarian Maharashtrian food. Many a times it is so crowded that there are long queues outside the restaurant and you also need to share your seats.. But it is totally worth it.. Things you should try out at this place:- 1. Batata Wada with their special white chutney.. ( Chutney is made from freshly grounded coconut and crushed peanuts in it) Just amazing.. 2. Sabudana Puri 3. Dahi Misal 4. Piyush.. (That is a cold beverage and it is liquified version of Shrikhand) 5. Thalipeeth.. It is an iconic place of Shivaji Park, Dadar. You will see many actors, cricketers and celebrities at Prakash.. Same quality for last 50 years... That's really great... Hats off to its consistency... 👍
Rated This outlet is famous as "only authentic Maharastrian food" 😋. I have been here so many times and had tasted so many dishes ... But im here again 😜. This time it was Batata Suki Bhaji and Puri.. Yumm in taste and after that it was their famous Piyush. 😋 Piyush is nothing much different bt sweet Kesar Lassi 👻. One can go and give a try.👍🏻
Rated Uphaar is a gift...this place is gifted for their wonderful maharashtrian snacking... Ordered in a rush as it was peak lunch time...wonderful aam panna was a side kick...kokam sherbet... Sabudana wada :), and best was kotimbir wadi....all snacks came piping hot and served on steel plates...and quite a quick service...really like it... Place was quite neat...and waiter s professional to their owner.
Rated If you stay in Dadar and haven't had a sabudana vada from Prakash, it is as good as staying in Italy and not having a pizza. The sabudana vada, kothimbir vadi are really tasty here. I also had the vatana patties. The piyush is a really yummy drink. It is a sweetened milk drink. And it's really refreshing in summers. Though you get it all round the year. I strongly recommend you have the sabudana vada with their chutney.
Rated I have been a regular to this place for last 10-12 years. It got shifted across the road few years back. Do not expect great ambience, hygiene etc. Just perfectly good standard, great tasting marathi food, served quickly by attendants who have grown old in the organisation and well known to regulars. Go for it if you wanna enjoy good snackd
Rated This place is treat for those who love authentic maharashtrian food. It us a small joint located near on the ranade road. My all time favourite is dahi misal. I love their kothamvir wadi too. One must try their piyush, it really quenches your thirst in summer.
Rated This place is famous for its food. Ask any localite or gujarathi and they will recommend the sabudana wada at prakash. The sabudana wada is so flavorsome and quite something! I tried it as takeaway.i hope to visit this place sometime soon for a dine in experience.
Rated I came here with very high expectations. Being born and brought up in Bombay I've never really visited the place and do I came here hoping for mind blowing maharashtrian food. I was however disappointed. We ordered the dahi misal, batata vada, thali peeth, sheera, pious, puri with special bhaji. The dahi misal was good but not good enough for me to visit again. Thali peeth was actually really nice but I won't revisit for that either. Might as well eat it at home since my mom makes it just as good. Batata vada, sheera and piyush were so average it doesn't even deserve a comment here. Lastly puri with special bhaji was really bad. The worst bhaji I've ever had. We probably ordered the wrong things but I was very disappointed with the place. Won't be revisiting
Rated Found it to be bit over rated, every thing is either deep fried or sweet. service was prompt, food very fresh and value for money, I can go there again but don't think it deserves 4.5
Rated One Sunday morning breakfast at Mani's and i am all nostalgic.. Located near Ruia college in Matunga, this place has always had tough competition from DP's, Ramashray and the likes but it has always been a favourite among the students.. Thanks to the reasonably priced and tasty south indian food that they serve (not to forget the unlimited sambhar and chutney). If you ever happen to be here, do try their idli wada sabhar and neer dosa. You can also try their upma-sheera for breakfast. Mani's lunch home is also known for its super fast service and the piping hot south indian coffee. Positive: Affordable food (cost for two comes to around 200) Negative: Have my doubts about hygiene conditions of this place
Rated Diehard fan of this place.. I don't even remember how may times I have been here.. awesome place for some hot coffee. . And south Indian dishes .. killer is the there chutney. . Very pocket friendly .. total food place guy .. go for it..
Rated The smell of hot sambar & steam idli in ruia college lane...it is mani's lunch home you are sniffing through! Visited this place after 4 years of chilling right in front of it everyday...though the history is rich and the udipi lunch home is very famous, never had thought of giving it a try until recent. The restaurant is a udipi cafe with 6 tables and a narrow passage. It is usually running full from morning to its closing time at 10.30pm. The menu is classic udipi with selected items to choose from (nothing bad about it. The selected items have a good variety though). The prices are oldschool cheap. The service is express train fast with no delay. You sit, look at the wall hung menu, place your order and bang within 1minute your order reaches to you. The waiters (2 or 3 in numbers) are so seasoned that while you are eating they get extra servings of sambar/chutney to you even if you haven't asked (i really liked that part, it shows a sense of homely feeling for the customer). Had ordered for the idli dip & the medu wada dip and a 7up as they didn't have limca. The total bill was 85/-. The idli and the medu wada tasted really good and soft. The sambar lacked namak-masala strength while the content of vegetables and the aroma of the sambar were good. I shared my table with a couple and it was a good experience. People hardly visit old school places now where you still share a table with other guests. It was a lovely experience overall. The place is very easy to access, off- eastern express way matunga area and very close to dadar/matunga stations in niche vicinity to ruia/podar/wellingkar college. Parking isn't a problem here on any day of the week. The ambience is very subtle classic and the vibes are very neutral. The crowd is a mixed bag with people of all age and walks of life. One should definitely visit the venue once in a while. I sure will from now onwards. Ps: people were enquiring about the filter caapi and the sheera. So I think that might be specialities. They also have neat madrasi pans at the cash counter, try that!
Rated Well.. Well.. If you are a southie and living in Mumbai, I am sure this has been on to-eat list always. Food here needs no introduction. They have been delicious and mouthwatering. Anything from the Menu is worth the money. Sambar dipped idli n vada remains my favorite . Cheers!!
Rated Man's Lunch Home!!! Again this is outlet opposite to Ruia College again this outlet only conist of snacks and breakfast not like other two outlets since this 3 outlets have different type of combination but the quality quantity taste service is too good and well maintained!!
Rated Superb, sumptuous South Indian food. Heaven for idli,medu Wada lovers. Specially who like extra sambar and chutney. Best place best price. Love it
Rated Matunga is home to one of oldest and best South Indian restaurants in Mumbai. All these restaurants have their own 'foodie following'. I am more of a Mani's fan. I've been visiting this place right from the start of my college days. The place is very small and only 5-6 tables are there and if you are alone you might have to share a table with a stranger. Menu is right on the wall which can be seen upon entering and everything from that menu is recommended. Shira & Upma are fantastic here. All type of dosas and utthappas are tasty and tummy filling at very reasonable rates. You have get unlimited Chutney & Sambhar with your dish. Tea & South Indian special Filter coffee are perfect to end your meal with but I'd suggest you to take the cup outside and vacant the seats for others. Mani's —Best south indian food award winner— is must try if you are a south indian cuisine lover. Mani's also have a branch near Matunga Phool Market which is fantastic too.
Rated # Let's talk about this place I have a feeling this place gets overshadowed by neighboring Ramashraya. Situated in the famous South Indian pocket of Mumbai; i.e. Matunga east, this place happens to be overshadowed in the popularity of Madras Cafe and Ramashray situated nearby. The only reason how I landed on this place was because we returned from our weekend trip on Monday morning only to find that Ramashray and Madras Cafe both stays shut on Monday. Hungry and Tired that we were, we started inquiring for a breakfast place nearby that bought us here. # What about food? Even though I was dying of hunger, I could just not find their South Indian preparation of Idli and Mendu Vada any good. What really lovely was Puri Bhaji which in that moment, I went for second course of it and relished it too. Filter Kaapi was as usual refreshing but Upma was bland, like really really bland. If ever I find myself in same situation again, the only attraction for me to this place would be their Puri Bhaji. # Bouquets / Kickbacks for this place? Washroom facility is a bit of discomfort as you have to go inside, through their kitchen and it gets annoying. Even if restaurant is half empty and the attendants are not busy, they would stand and make you wait for the waiter allotted for you to come but not pay heed to your order, not even a simple order like water. I do have an understanding of how each attendant has allocated tables but I find it completely baseless if in non peak periods also, your unoccupied staff doesn't contribute to service of your customers. # Value for Money? Yes. The place is quiet reasonable and one can have king size breakfast for pittance.
Rated I found this place through Zomato while searching for affordable but authentic Bengali restaurant to satisfy our Bong cuisine cravings on the Bengali New Year's day. It's a small shop and is easy to miss. They have a quirky and interesting decor with painted humour all over the walls which make up for the limited seating. The thalis are a very good option if one wants to taste many items but it takes a lot of time to prepare the thalis. We had : Mutton Cutlet - a fantastic starter for the journey ahead into the depths of Calcutta cuisine Shukto - A special Bengali delicacy with karela which is traditionally taken before the main courses One Mutton Thali and Two Fish Thalis with Pabda fish - Each thali includes: Two luchis (bengali deep fried puri) with Aloo-r Dum - a fantastic rendition of a Bengali homely dum-aloo Plain rice - very good quality basmati rice Moong dal - well balanced and tasty Jhurjhure Aloo Bhaja - very thin slices of fried potato - not really great, can be much better Phool Kopir Torkari - perfect Bengali style Gobi sabzi Tomato chutney - very tasty, a bit too sweet for the uninitiated palates Payesh (rice kheer) - an aromatic bengali dessert The Pabda fish were fresh and well cooked in a mild curry The Mutton curry was absolutely fabulous Service was slow because of the huge crowd on that particular day although the staff tried their best to manage the pressure. I hope they open branches in the south (Fort-Churchgate-Colaba area) to cater to the huge base of Bengali food aficionados
Rated Chanced upon this place while surfing Zomato and what better day to visit than Poila Boisakh ( Bengali New Year). Tucked in a small corner on the busy streets of Mahim, you do take sometime initially to spot this place amidst the numerous shops and eateries. Well the ambience is nice, if I may call the type I prefer- peaceful and homely. The graffitis on the walls are interesting and add to the enigma. The staff is courteous and warm. We found the service a little slow, however given the special day and consequently the no of take aways, I wouldn't want to judge the service quality right away. We ordered the traditional Bengali thali- Veg thali for myself and Fish thali for the husband. We started with luchi and aloor dom and that set the tone for the evening. It was delicious and not too oily. This was followed by rice, moong dal with peas, aloo gobhi, aloo jhuri bhaja, aam papad chutney, payesh ( rice kheer) and chanar dalna ( paneer koftas in Bengali gravy)/ papda maach. The food was sumptuous and the quantity just right. Each dish was well made and served with love :) We ate to our hearts content or as my husband puts it , till we were filled to our eyeballs :) and the bill? Well, a reasonable Rs 700 for two. Personally elated to have found a great place for Bong cuisine in Mumbai!
Rated Kebabs are really tasty & are made on a live counter at the entrance. Biryani had subtle flavours of spices. Felt dry after few morsels. But somehow I did like it as it wasn't unnecessarily spicy. Tried nicely made Aam pora shorbot which seemed the only traditional drink option on menu. The person on the counter was polite, gave suggestions & took feedback. This place wasn't much crowded. Service was a bit slow but friendly. Hygine levels are maintained. A lot of attention is given on aesthetics. They have used their walls aptly by putting on a mural where traditions of Mumbai & Kolkata are represented. Loved the way Howrah Bridge & Sea-Link were shown. It's good to observe the wall as few preparations might take sometime. All in all a decent experience !
Rated Ordered in for the Awadh Biryani and wasn't happy with it... The rice was more of a masala pulao than a biryani, and if that was the only issue alone I could have looked beyond it.. Initially thought there were 3-4 decent chunks of meat which would do justice to the price (290).. However it turned out to be just 2 pieces of meat (one a drumstick and another a back piece), whole boiled potato and whole boiled egg.. The chicken was more on the side of overcooked, which I'd prefer to under but they'd do well to keep it a little juicier.. It definitely qualifies as a filling meal given the quantity of rice and the addition of the egg & potato, but somehow doesn't do justice to the tag of an Awadhi biryani..
Rated Discovered this place by chance while surfing thru Zomato. I regularly travel to Kolkata so am very familiar with Bengali cuisine. I ordered betki paturi and some kathi rolls and was careful not to order more since I had never eaten from Feeast @ East. But, I was pleasantly surprised with the food. The betki is comparable to Oh! Calcutta at a fraction of the cost. The kathi rolls both chicken and mutton was much better that I have eaten at many places in Kokata and possible the best in Mumbai. I can't wait to try some more Bengali food from this place in the future.
Rated Feeast@ East is one of the very few Bengali restaurants on this side of the Sea Link, so I was raring to go there ever since I heard about it from friends. A very tiny restaurant, it is very neatly furnished and decorated with witty one-liners and cute illustrations all over. The service is very warm and polite, apart from being lively and attentive. We chose to have dimer dalna (a thick egg curry) and Katla kalia (a thick fish curry) with luchi, and boy, were we impressed! The luchi was hot, crispy and delightfully puffed up, while both the gravies were delicious, servings were generous and the fish was cooked well. Considering the large menu they have on offer, I will surely go back to the restaurant very soon.
Rated If you're a non-vegetarian, like chicken/mutton, you HAVE to eat this biriyani! That's it. Summarised. Rightly christened as 'feast' from the kitchens of Bengal, their home delivery is now a staple for wowing my guests at house parties. Chicken/mutton biriyani, with some chicken chap or bharta, and firni to close the deal. If you've tasted this often or looking for something lighter, go for the rolls or the mughlai parathas. Pure Bliss.
Rated Even for Non-Bengalis like us who have grown-up on bengali food always yearns to have some mean Bengali food in Bombay (Mumbai). Other than the over-priced 'Oh Calcutta' and yummy-liscious 'Bong Bong' (in Bandra) we had nowhere else to go within the boundaries of Bombay. Hence, we couldn't wait to satiate the bong in us. All that we ordered was really good and delicious. Although it's absolutely impossible to create the flavors that matches the food in West Bengal as there are too many stat-specific factors that influences the cuisine, this was not bad at all. In fact, it was quite good and close to the original flavors. One thing that works for them (and for us, the customers) is that they serve dishes that are rarely offered by other restaurants. Like the Peas-stuffed Puri (Koraishutir Luchi), Dhokar Dalna (Channa Dal Kofta curry), traditional bengali Mixed-Vegetable (Shukto), Chicken / Mutton Rezala, Fish in Musturd Paste (Bhetki Paturi), Biryani, Daal with fish Head (Muri Ghonto), etc. But, since they offer different than the usual variety, their menu isn't too elaborate, less diverse and has very little to offer to the vegetarian's palette. West Bengal is not only known for the seafood or non-veg fare, but they have one of the best Vegetarian fares too. I wish we could have seen more of that....especially Bengali Starters and Main-Course. When we tried to place the order for chutney, they said they didn't have any...which was highly disappointing. Portions are small for the price we pay. That's where it loses to get an 'Very Good' / 'Excellent' from us. High on Hospitality, Good Taste is not the only requisite for a restaurant to succeed. There's lot for them to Improve on, which if they manage to figure out, no one can stop them from being very successful. Definitely returning back to sample some more.
Rated Good Place for fast food.. The Chicken Roll was amazing... mouth watering and too filling..priced at 120Rs for a roll with the size being really huge is just perfect... cant wait to try out the other stuff like the biryani which I have heard is really good... would have loved it more if they had more variety and options for the rolls...
Rated Hospitality par excellence is what this small eatery on the Mahim main road boasts of. When we specifically speak of hospitality, food incidentally becomes a part of it. As the famous saying by George Bernard Shaw goes “There is no sincerer love than the love of food” and if you are a Bengali, or have a Bengali friend, neighbor or even a far far acquaintance, who better than you will know that Bengalis live to eat and not eat to live. The love of food runs in their blood and they make sure as a host you are treated as royal as possible. ... Read full post on guiltlessfoodies.wordpress.com
Rated Awesome awesome awesome I had actually spent my childhood in Mahim but had not discovered this hidden gem All thanks to zomato Parking is a issue if u go at this place during the day Service is qucik The BABA SPECIAL falooda is just outstanding The best falooda I have ever had !!!!
Rated Two things that you HAVE to try here. 1. Baba special falooda (just loved the chunks of kulfi on top) 2. Rabdi Falloda (a perfect balnce of ice cream, falooda ans rabdi) Creamy and delicious. The quantity justifies the prices.
Rated There is nothing much to say about this place...just that it serves one of the best faloodas I have ever tasted. And the fact this small yet very prominent joint in Mahim makes me keep coming back....is a guilty pleasure I enjoy the most...thank you for all the love in very bite and sip of that falooda I get to experience....Until next time .
Rated One of the best faloodas I would have ever had And the prices are also reasonable compared to the quantity it serves The only flip or negative side is the location or the surrounding as the vegetarian people might find it bit uncomfortable to stand and eat there Better option is to take away
Rated Visited this place late at night following the recommendations on zomato... Ordered for royal falooda and the baba special falooda.... This place is surely going to give you a sugar rush irrespective of what you order... The special falooda is worth trying... has kulfi topped with nuts 👍 The royal falooda us coated with rabdi topped with rose syrup.. This place has no sitting area just a few tables and chairs kept randomly on the sides of the road..its best when you are travelling on bike or car they bring the orders to ur vehicle..
Rated This outlet is one of the places you should have it on your list of Falooda heaven places. Falooda at this place is place is fantastic no matter which one you buy. It's affordable and tasty and good quantity. Their services are quick and a lot of people come to eat. You get shwarma as well outside it. Now the surrounding place is a bit me messed up as there are other food outlets there as well. Although high level of cleanliness is taken care of but the place outside it is not that great. The best time to have is after food. The proffered mode of payment is Cash. Now parking.. You can park your bike or car around the outlet itself.. Free of cost.
Rated One of the best place to have deserts late night. This place is open till 1-1:30. You will get variety of falooda's here like kaju falooda, chocolate falooda, kesar falooda, kulfi falooda, etc. But my favourite is Rabdi Falooda. Whenever I pass by this lane it always pull me to eat Rabdi Falooda. Even Dry Rabdi is awesome but the quantity seems to be less because of its name and fame now. One should try Rabdi here. Trust me you will come back again.
Rated I visit this place at least once a month Their menu is just authentic and crave to try each and every fish of aswad Varan bath and vada paw is must try Their sweets are also good Service is qucik and ambience is too good Fully AC and centrally located in the heart of the city
Rated Love this place... This is place where you get authentic maharashtrian taste of food... My favorite is thalipith... You can try anything n m damn sure that you will not disappointed by your choice... Best to visit for snacks.... mostly crowded place .... located in heart of the city
Rated My friends urged me to visit this place and I am really happy that I did. Probably one of the places where you get served mouth watering Maharashtrian dishes. We ordered for Puri Bhaaji, Misal and Masala Rice along with a mango juice whose name I can't recollect at the moment. All the dishes I tried were very good. To be honest, I have never liked Misal so much but I couldn't help myself but finish the plate they served me here. Yes, you may find this place a little crowded but they seem to manage it well. The waiters are pretty slow in taking orders or maybe it was just my table that got served late because I saw only one waiter taking orders for everyone. Yes, worth a multiple visits. If only they could hire more waiters if required.
Rated Must visit fr authentic maharashtrian food.. Vada pav, misal pav, kothambir vadi, aam panna.. Difficult to find a table on weekends but always worth the wait..
Rated This place located near Shivaji Park serves typical Maharashtrian cuisine. It's very crowded on weekends and you may have to wait for sometime to get a table. Misal, Kothimbir Vadi, Thalipith, Bharleli Vangi were some of the nice dishes. This place is pocket friendly
Rated Have a taste for Maharashtrian food? Try Aaswad. It's Pithale Bhakri, Misal, Kothimbir Vadi, Thalipth, Pola Usal, Sabudana Vada, Dahi Misal, Kothimbir Vadi & other dishes are really special. Clean, well run, prompt service & cordial staff. I wanna go there again.
Rated Aaswad - Marathi maansanchya aavdiche padhart. If you feel like having the best misal pav in town, you should get down here! Aaswad is known for getting its review done for Misal in the UK Newspaper! Pithale bhakar - Types of bhakri along with besan pithale, and two vegetables. The bhakri is soft and gives you the 'home-ly' feel. Kothimbir vadi - Served with Indian butter on it, the vadi almost melts in your mouth. Very tasty. Masala rice & Tava Pulav - Could have been better, if compared to all the other dishes! Dahi Vada - Nom Nom, Yummy! Pav Bhaji - Always good here. Veg Pizza - Great tasty option for the kids. You'll love it too. Rava masala dosa - One of my favorites! For deserts, we ordered caramel custard and gajar halwa which was phenomenal. So much khava to add the yumm factor. Best restaurant near Shivaji park if you want to snack on Maharashrian Veg cuisine! #AaplaAaswad #AoneJevan #SimplyMaharashtrian
Rated Had been to aaswad the other day to try their Missal Pav. We reached there by 2 and there was a waiting for 20 mins as it was a Sunday. The ambience is decent. Cute tiny lil place. We ordered the Missal Pav, Puri Korma, Piyush and Mango Lassi. The Piyush and Mango Lassi were bit too sweet for my liking. The Missal Pav was good, nothing exceptional. The puri Korma was really good. My favorite dish of the day. We then ordered the gajar ka halwa which had more mawa than gajar. We were disappointed. Am I going to go back anytime soon? Maybe not. :(
Rated Aaswad . The Best Maharashtrian veg Cuisine in town. Long que's for waiting outside the restaurant is a sign how much people love this place . To start , We Ordered Misal Pav - Arguebly the best i hav had . Dahi misal , Bharleli Vangi , pithle Bhakari , kothimbir Vadi , varan bhaat , piyush , taak, Falooda . Each and everything was bang on perfect in Quantity as well as Taste . The also serve south Indian Dishes and fast foods . Try all the authentic Maharashtrian food here . Must have's - Misal Pav . Strongly Reccomended .
Rated Most amazing and very famous place for breakfast. Crowded on weekends. Specially for South Indian food lovers. Plain dosa n sheera are just amazing. Must try things:- sada dosa, neer dosa, sheera and filter coffee .
Rated After a Sunday birding outing and a waiting of 30mins, access into Hotel Ramashray finally gained! The butter idli is a must must have! The onion rava dosa was well worth the wait. Super crispy and fantastic. By 9:45am most of the stuff on the menu was over/like the sabudana vada, kadi idli etc. So will come here early to sample the rest! Coffee I wouldn't say super, but food is indeed great! Food 4.5/5 Service 4.5/5 VFM 5.5/5
Rated One of the most authentic south Indian restaurants in the city in terms of looks, service and of course the food. My favorite breakfast point for every Saturday. Simply love the mysore sada dosa, vada sambhar, rava dosa, upma and obviously filter coffee. Must try.
Rated On the legendary and my wish list for a long time. Finally made it for a Saturday brunch. Lip smacking South Indian dishes are best served with delicious coconut chutney. There is always a queue here and waiting for a table is a must.
Rated Best hotel for early morning people . Not only for them but for all the people who love south indian food.one of the best plain dosa i had here and frnd of mine had idli n sheera. Which he too liked it.
Rated Legendary is the word to describe this restaurant. One of the oldest yet so consistent. Located very close to matunga station which is a boon for train travellers who can get down and have a bite at this famous restaurant but for car owners its a bit tricky to find parking as it is the station area and also open market place with lots of hawkers around. Coming to the place inspite of people pouring in all the time the waiting is pretty decent and one gets the place soon . Thanks to the polite staff and good management. But one ends up sharing tables with the fellow visitors . The restaurant cleanliness is pretty good for the amount of footfalls it has at any given point. Now coming to the food one thing i can say no one can go wrong ordering anything here but to summarise we ordered masala dosa , rava sada, pineapple sheera and peru (guava ) sheera. Everything was so fresh and tasty beyond satisfaction total bliss The sambar in particular was standout . The sheera was super flavourful with right amount of sweetness and richly prepared in ghee. Its a must if one visits here and they have their daily special sheera with different flavours. Then comes the filter coffee which again was epic and so authentic. Overall a very satisfying experience at this place as it leaves totally upto its repute .
Rated Visited this place on a weekday Was surprised to see people waiting even after 9pm on a weekday Their menu changes every day and availability of food is not assured but the food served is just crispy and fingerlicking We tried bisbele bath, idli , masala dosa ,filter coffee was too good Must try if u a south Indian food lover And u r roaming about matunga
Rated Yes, indeed its a great place rto be and eat. Exceptional food and amazing quality Need significant improvement on filter coffee as it's below average Food 9 Service 8 Ambience 10 Authentic. 10 Value for money 10 Overall 9 Guys go for the place if you are around oryou have to drive
Rated This place is one of best places to have proper South indian breakfast in Mumbai. Pineapple sheera,filter coffee, rawa dosa of this place is a must try.
Rated Truly said, one of the best places to have Mumbai's favourite chats! The spicy pani puri they have is amazing and the dahi puri counts in it as well. The first place where I have seen chocolate sandwiches sounds pretty crazy but yes its really good!
Rated I can't get enough of this place. I love Mumbai chat and this place is amazing. And the prices are also very reasonable love this place. And the best part being it's easy to reach. Would highly recommend the bhel there.
Rated After hearing so much about these place I finally visited and had pani puri Mexican sandwich and there best dish Chocolate sandwich.. There shop is hygienic taste is perfect.. I would definitely recommend others to try these place..
Rated I have been to the place and their paninpuri is really awesome and mind blowing. Even their sev puri is excellent. Even their juices are fresh and good. It is very near to matunga central station
Rated Me and my wife went to gupta chat yesterday as we were in matunga . We tried sev puri toast and bhel . Sev puri toast is combination of sev Puri n bread and it's awesome combination . Bread was perfectly toasted and taste was awesome . Bhel was very spicy , taste was ok , anyone ordering should request them to tone down spices . Worth just for sev puri toast as you may not find this in many places .
Rated Very busy place and more so on Weekends. Have tried the Bhel and Shev from here and it is quite good even after take away. Not as great as the ones at 5 gardens. Bhel - 4/5 Very well prepared. Good quantity. Shev Puri - 4/5 Good puri. Lot of filling on top. Stacked well. Butter masala corn - 2/5 No butter in there for sure. Did not taste any masala either. Seemed like corn and a bit of lime. Durga makes an awesome one. Pizza - 4/5 Good one. Just the right amount of cheese. Filled with sev puri topping. Very filling. Quality - 3.5/5 Quantity - 4.5/5 VFM - 4/5
Rated Gupta Chat Centre started with a small counter just opposite to where it stands now. Its always been crowded and has got a lot fans. I have been there a couple of times and tried many dishes. The Chocolate Toast- Average! I have had much better ones. The one available at 5gardens is just awesome. They use dark chocolate with chocolate sauce and it just melts in your mouth. Even health does a good job. Gupta's is no where close. The Veg Cheese Toast- Average Again! I like the 5gardens one more! But this health does the best around matunga. The Veg Cheese Grilled- Average Tasting! The one outside Arya Bhavan is awesome. Pani Puri- Ok! Dahi Puri- Well this is the first place I came across which uses ragda in dahi puri. Did not expect it. But tasted good.Sev Puri- Tastes ok! New Pankaj on the road opposite has got the best one in matunga. Latest I tried.. Cheese Ragda Puri- I really liked it. This is the only dish I truely liked out of everything I have tried. It was tasty and a good balance of chutneys. Cheese Toast Sev Puri- The most eaten and hyped dish here. I personally did not like it much! May be because the sevpuri inside wasn't that tasty. He had made it a too sweet. Overall I find the food at Gupta Chat very average. I have had better of everything elsewhere. A little overrated place.
Rated The best Chaat wala we have in Matunga East. After a tiring hour of veggie shopping in the market or after a boring lecture in the college, this is a place where you can have awesome chaat with a lot of twist in it. The corn chaat dishes are worth a try here Sev Puri toast sandwich is also a good dish they offer. They offer chaat with cheese added to it but I love the traditional sev puri and paani puri. They are gobsmackingly brilliant.
Rated We landed up here after a little shopping around, and ordered the "sev puri toast sandwich". The idea sounds good! But tastes even better.. It was filling and tasted like typical sev puri, but toasted. Just lip smacking!! If any day you're hungry and need something good at a pocket friendly rate, it's best to be here and choose anything from their menu.
Rated A famous chat joint just touching Matunga station. It has all kinds of chat n started with pizzas. Frequently aired on television as a famous chat centers in mumbai. The service is quick. Clean n hygienic place. The rates r bit on higher end but worth a try for chats.
Rated I almost waited for an hour to enter dis resto Earlier it wasn't having AC seating now they have started They also have an upper section which has 3 set of tables where a big group can accommodate N downstairs I guess around 40 ppl can accommodate at a time Out of all the udipi resto which I visited dese one is more organized n given a modern touch Dis resto serves North Indian n pizza n sandwiches also apart from South Indian menu As it was Sunday so I thought of trying sumthing special so I had ordered 'bhramin idli' as in taste it was of idli' but the shape was dat of cone It was veri smooth n chutney n sambhar were veri tasty It was just a family crowd Interiors are simple n elegant I guess here in matunga ppl starts visiting resto in mrng If ever u r planning to visit arya bhavan or any of the udipi hotels of matunga plz try to check in before 11 Must visit guys
Rated I'm not a big South Indian food fan but this place brings a lot to the table for you ..the rawa biscuit is my personal favourite.. You must have not had anything like it before .do try it
Rated Heard lot about Arya bhavan therefore stepped in to have a lunch. Ordered jeera rice and dal curry. Dal curry was nice but jeera rice whenever I was having a spoon of rice something stone like thingy was coming in the mouth. Very disappointed :( still I will be going there once again for Pav bhaji as Pav bhaji is my favorite :D only 3.5 rating is for dal curry.
Rated The hub of South Indian food in Mumbai is Sion/ Matunga... So many options to choose from! We went to Arya Bhavan as our regular usual choice ( Ramashray) was super full. AB was okay, it's also a small place, but we did get place. The service was good. But I felt the food was average.
Rated This place is always full also because its a very small place. Just visited it yesterday with mom while shopping at chheda. Had idli wada and podi dosa(sprinkle margapuri chutney on dosa which is dry not like mysore dosa) which was good. The chutney was so fresh we finished ours so fast. But the great and latest attraction is the filter coffee cups made of brass and golden in color. They sell them at the payment counter as well. They have renovated the place and it looks a bit classy now. Very few people will know but they serve amazing masala pav so try if you get a chance.
Rated The masala idli is the yummiest. They have Ac which is good and good service. Their garlic chutney is a treat to relish one of the places where you can avail Anando milk in matunga
Rated Usual college day, we were hungry as usual! Found this place near matunga station, they serve awesome pav bhaji which I am a big fan of! Good staff and light on pocket!
Rated I visited on a busy sunday afternoon for some authentic south Indian indulgence. The person allotting the tables said me "Madam 45mins se 1 ghanta lage ga" and I was astonished by his reply becoz it was crowded but the rotation was quite fast so I said ok I will wait!!! Within 6-7mins that person is telling me "Madam your table is ready" so you can imagine what kind of judgement they have....Anyways coming to the point food----- Thaat idli:- I was really excited to try this but my 1st bite made me realize its not my type becoz it had lots of clarified butter( which I can't handle, just hate it) so passed it to my sis who didn't intend to eat and her verdict was ok as she said that ghee taste was not that grt!!! Kerala Parottha:- This was the star among all the dishes we tried:):):) Its lacchha kind of Parottha(2 pcs) served with veg korma, raita and coconut chutney(unwanted)... Parottha was not at all stretchy and was soft. Even the veg tasted really well with raita but the quantity was too less acc to the size of Parottha. Milk upma:- Good soft textured mildly spiced upma can give it a try. Button butter idli:- Again the same problem of clarified butter....I thought it be regular salted butter but it was that same taste and presentation of thaat idli covered with chutney powder only difference of shape. Bisibele Bhaat:- Its actually south indian khichdi served with papad and raita....very average taste. Filter coffee:- Just perfect as one expects from a south indian joint. Also masala buttermilk was very refreshing but beware of green chillies if you can't handle spice but nice. I have heard they serve some really good Pav bhaji so ordered and after 5mins the waiter is coming and telling no pav bhaji as its closed from last 3-4 days....I was highly disappointed:(:(:(:( My verdict is I would prefer madras cafe any day except for arya bhavan's steam idli and kerala Parottha.
Rated We love them a lot and order once every second week. We have tried most of their baos and each one of them is good. My personal favorites are Thai me up tofu and license to grill. The ingredients tasted so fresh and very nicely made. They have always delivered on time and have provided impeccable service.
Rated Fancy a bao in Dadar/ mahim. Yes Bao not Vada Pao! Then pick up your phones and call up foodarto. That's what I did for lunch today and boy I wasn't disappointed! Foodarto is a home delivery only place and it's damn tough to find! Infact its invisible! we tried to find it on Sunday evening and could not locate it even after several passes on the street! But then as I mentioned, you would prefer to order in. I ordered two of their baos for lunch today. The "pull pork" and the "Chinese cure". They came in an attractive packaging and with a cute handwritten "heat for 20 secs" note. The taste was superb and I can see myself getting addicted to this place. The Chinese cure however is something I would recommend over the pull pork. Not that it was bad but I always need a bit of sweet stickiness in my pork bao's and this was missed here. But that's my personal choice. The size of the baos is good and a single plate can be good for one person with medium appetite. New kid on the block and certainly making a mark!
Rated I have been wanting to try baos since long and I was quite happy Foodarto opened in vicinity. We had ordered a Bao-B-Q , a License to Grill and a Captain Barbossa first time around. Baos are these steamed , slightly sweet buns enclosing veggies/chicken with sauces. The License to grill was grilled chicken & mushrooms in a mushroom based sauce.Easily the best out of the lot. Captain Barbossa was quite good too, classic fish with tartar dip combination. It came with a lip-smacking lemon butter dip. Bao-B-Q was decent. I did not much like the sauce that came with it. We got 100 Rs. off from Swiggy and got the three at 450. The baos were warm when they arrived & neatly packaged. The packaging,with the little hand written notes bring a smile on your face. I ordered again yesterday. A Chinese Cure and Pear Ganache. I liked both but I expected the dessert bao to look different. Sure it tasted good but it doesnt at all look like the Pear ganache pictures posted earlier (see last pic for reference). Very disappointed about that. :-(
Rated Verdict: Bao-chicka-bao-wow!! 😝 Our tryst with baos from this place was quite memorable. With the India versus West Indies match going on (which didn't end in our favour), as our hunger pangs began, we decided to order from this place. The packaging of the food clearly caught my fancy. I loved the boxes. And even more, the clear labelling with the cute pics on the outside of the box. A chicken, fish, piggie, n something depositing veg as well as desserts. We ordered practically all varieties of non-vegetarian. Pull my pork- The pork bao- a tad bit too sweet for my taste. Loved the generous portion and the quality of pork. The fish bao- crunchy fish, with a nice Mayo sauce. Well balanced. Again, the bao was a tad bit too sweet for my liking. I understand that the traditional bao may call for a certain amount of sugar in it, but they may have to tone it down for the Indian population. Or maybe have an option of different baos. BaoBQ- I enjoyed the chicken. The Chinese cure- this was hands down my favourite! Loved the sauce given along with it. Overall, I love the effort, packaging, concept, portion, value for money etc. Just a slight bit sweet for my liking perhaps. Very filling. Can't wait to try the sweet dessert baos and the vegetarian baos. Keep it up guys!
Rated Ordered the pork baos from this place on Zomato and was very impressed. Around 200 bucks for two pulled pork baos, and they were very tasty and as you can see don't burn a hole in your pocket like some of those upmarket bao chains. Vfm and would recommend for the awesome taste and the cute packaging. :)
Rated Recently tried this trending thing called baos. Yes the taste was unique but not that interesting to get attracted again and again. They are jus a beginners so haven't introduced more variety.
Rated Let me tell you a secret… I hate Baos!! Irritating little pr*cks they are, pretending to be a real meal and yet tantalizing one with flavors… And when a place like Foodarto gets them right, I hate them all the more.. Because you’re left with the sight of that lonely box a little too soon.. Puns apart, awesome stuff!! Although we’ve had our sights set on the Pork Belly, opted against it today as the Crazy Burger from Hungry Duck has probably ensured we’ve had our share of that meat for the month.. So then it was down to the Chicken Baos and we opted for the Chinese and the Grilled Chicken ones. Thanks to the pictures from a previous review, couldn’t help but pick up the Pear Ganache as well. Chinese Cure is one of their top recommendations and with good reason.. Lovely morsels of meat dunked in sauce. I didn’t get the vinegar or salty notes from the Hoisin that I otherwise enjoy, but that was largely to do with the generous topping of the dressing. The mushrooms were a treat, cooked well and yet not overdone. License to Grill I thought would play second fiddle to the Chinese as some of the ingredients appeared more predictable. But the way they’ve blended it into the cheese made for a decadent treat with each bite. I still preferred the chunkier chicken in the Chinese, but this holds it’s own. The Pear Ganache almost looks too good to eat.. But don’t be sentimental and go for it.. Will definitely try the Apple the next time around. Delivery time was rather quick even though 2 different 3rd party platforms were involved in the ordering ( I placed the order using Foodpanda, they delivered using Scootsy), but now that I know how it works will perhaps order directly using Scootsy or with the restaurant as I wouldn’t want to risk delays. On the packaging front, the Baos are packed in regular boxes (not taped) and that results in them arriving just about warm. I’m not sure if they would like to explore the way Wok Express delivers the Baos (sealed packaging) though I suspect this might have something to do with how condensation affects the bread. Still, something worth looking into. On the VFM aspect they are definitely better priced given the quality of the offerings. Baos themselves are a bit of a gourmet treat than a meal, so you have to know what you are ordering for without looking for quantity and judge the offering on quality.
Rated Was ecstatic to know there was a place which home delivers Baos. Unfortunately, the food lacked the finesse of an original Bao. Savoury Baos The three baomigos : it says refried bean, bell peppers n paneer. Could not Find any paneer. Also the actual Bao had a tad bit extra sugar in it. ( tasted more like Goan Sanaas with filling) 2.5/5 Thai me up tofu : tofu pieces were sliced so fine, they almost tasted like cardboard. 2.5/5 Bao-b-q : decent tasting chicken barbecue. 3.5/5 Dessert Baos. Apple caramel : this was delicious. 4.5/5 Pear ganache : ok. Filling was extremely scarce in the dessert Baos. 3.5/5 Will definitely reorder the dessert Baos.
Rated Grumpy Panda loves his Baos. So as soon as a new place opened serving almost exclusively Baos, it was time to check it out. This Asian Street food, which is somewhere between a dumpling and a sandwich, and yet distinct has taken over the Mumbai food scene. And with good reason. The buns are steamed and hence relatively healthier than your average greasy sandwich and much more palatable. It is packed with lip smacking Asian flavours in between, which are spicier the better since the bun themselves have a slight sweet taste. Trust if done right they can be absolutely delicious. Foodarto is mostly a delivery place and they have a 30% off going on Swiggy. I had high expectations for my Baos and boy did they deliver. I can't wait to order from them already. At 150/- bucks I got two medium sized Baos that are good for a snack or a light lunch. I had ordered the boiled egg with cocktail sauce and it was great. The egg was not overcooked and the buns themselves were fluffy and soft. I had also ordered a juice or liquid lunch as they call it. While the idea seems to mimic cold pressed juices, I don't actually know if they were cold pressed. Not to mention, they were not served cold. I think they should definitely serve their juices cold, even if they are cold pressed or otherwise. I literally can't wait to order from this place again. Please send your juices cold or at least cooler than room temperature. This place can be really a 4.5 if consistent.
Rated I was pleasantly surprised to see a listing on Swiggy, serving up baos (one of my favourite asian dishes) at really reasonable prices. I immediately ordered the Chinese Cure, Bao-B-Q, and License to Grill, all of which are excellent, succulent, juicy, flavourful, warm and highly satisfying. Their dessert baos, something I have never tried before, are also quite nice. The food is packed really well, as some of the review below illustrate, with a cute handwritten message reminding you to warm up the baos for the best taste. Their liquid lunches are also nice. I was a little disappointed by the size at first, but actually felt refreshed and full after trying their 'Rejuvenate' liquid lunch. All in all, well deserving of the 4.5 star rating I give them. I look forward to ordering from here again, and wish them all the best!
Rated Staying 20 footsteps away from this place is a blessing. This place proved that you don't need to have a big and fancy shop to prove your mettle. Just like typical Irani cafes, this one is also in a corner. The staff and owner is nice. Not many options are there for people who are vegetarians but you can sit, relax and chit chat with your friends aaram se!!! I like the cleanliness, table clothes, some cats outside, their board and the sweet way they talk with! Nice place to go for light breakfast and evening snacks! arunsingh2016.wordpress.com
Rated First time around, I had come for lunch with a friend. It was a Sunday but we did get a table fairly quickly. We ordered Kheema Pav first. It was the usual standard fare, nothing out of ordinary but not bad either. Next we ordered Mutton Biryani. Im always apprehensive about ordering mutton. Undercooked mutton can wreak havoc in my tummy. But it was tender and well cooked. The last couple of times I had biryanis, they were from Arfa, Delhi Darbar and the like. While I do relish the oily masala laden ones, this was a refreshing change from them. The spices were mild but flavourful. I ordered a raspberry Pallonji s soda too. The smell reminds my friend of medicines but I have always liked it :-) We had a mawa cake in the end. Nothing spectacular, just adds to the irani experience. I wanted to try the breakfast items. Ordered in today morning. I ordered a 2 eggs Cheese Omelette,2 egg Masala Omelette, Double Akuri,2 Brun Maska and a Irani Chai. It was delivered, fresh and hot, in half an hour as promised. The Brun Maska was good, but we do find better brun in our vicinity. And that tastes heavenly with home made butter. So in comparison , found it quite okay. The Masala Omelette could hold a much more spice I believe but it was tasty nonetheless. Only like regular omlette. The Cheese omlette is an absolute must try for cheese lovers! The double omlette held a very generous proportion of cheese within itself. Akuri was the best of the lot. Slightly on the sweeter side, with milk adding a different flavour to the mixture. Irani Chai , sweetened with condensed milk, was a perfect end to a sumptous breakfast! Both times around, the bill came upto 300. A value for money place. I do wish they start serving Berry Pulao & Dhansak soon.
Rated Irani cafes and Mumbai go hand in hand, visited this place a few days back and I am already planning my next trip there. The kheema pav was delicious, the spices, the consistency, all so perfect. The akuri was nothing like any of the anda bhurjis I have had before. The sweet and spicy taste was amazing. Missed out on the brun maska since the brun was over, settled for the oh so soft bun maska. Had the Pallonji's raspberry soda, waiting to try the othrr other flavours. Waiting for them to start berry pulav.
Rated Go here for the typical irani atmosphere. Items on menu are not always available so you need to be flexible. Place was much better when owners were personally involved.
Rated An early morning breakfast brought me here. Now, early mornings are a great time to have your beliefs and loyalties questioned, no? My whole life I've thought of Excelsior as a preferred Irani destination. It's not perfect, and sometimes can be priced ridiculously (case in point, a dry Chicken Cutlet for 240 bucks). Now, in comes Bombay's first new Irani in about 3 decades. It's barely more than one of those proverbial hole in a wall joints. But you know, size is no guarantee of power, and this is another good example of that. I doubt it seats more than 20 at a time. However, it does so in understated style. Classic check pattern tablecloth, simple lamps, eggs by the cash counter, and elegant bentwood chairs beckon. We ordered Kheema with Brun, Paya, and then I wanted a Sulemani Chai to wash it all down. Kheema here has minimal peas, which is already a plus point. It's low on oil, generous on spice, but not scathing. The intense flavour is fleeting, more likely to lure you in for another warm bite than to scare you with the sharpness we Indians tend to associate with spice. The Brun is crusty and hearty, looks and feels fresh. The portion size is generous in trademark Irani style, and goes quite well with the Kheema as a foil that works as a lovely textural contrast. Their Paya reminds me of when I started drinking wine, not knowing that it doesn't get you high and buzzing quickly, but when it does, it's an ambush. Like you're walking down a road and suddenly an Omni comes to kidnap you with a gunny bag and you wake in Uttar Pradesh? That's the spice quotient in their Paya. Not visible at all, palatable, but far into the bite. You don't even know it's spicy until the soup has enveloped your mouth along with a lovely piece of mutton that's been tempered to softness. Despite this meat and spice and all that generous bread, the food here isn't overwhelmingly filling. The lack of oil, the trademark flavours with a difference, and the reasonable portion sizes are all factors for this. The staff is as efficient as they come, though not too keen to make recommendations. With a bill barely north of 300 bucks with a refreshing Sulemani Chai thrown in, only an idiot would find a flaw with this breath of fresh air pretending to be an Irani cafe. Visit before it gets too popular.
Rated Speaking about the ambience, small place, homely, so homely that even the eggs are kept on the cash counter.... The food, well we wanted dhansak, which wasn't available.. So we went for Irani chicken... Which seemed really overpriced considering all the aspects... The biryani was amazing.. No complains there.. Taste wise everything was good...
Rated I always wanted to try some authentic Parsi food & thought this could be a great choice. And my assumption came true. FOOD (4.5/5) Kheema Pav : I'm not a mutton lover but this place made me fall in love with their kheema. The masala used to make the kheema was just outstanding. Only drawback was there was too much oil. Akuri : Akuri is Parsi egg burji. The taste of this one was also magical. Spicy yet creamy at the same go. Spicy taste was given by adding loads of green chillies & creaminess was due to condensed milk/ fresh cream. Chicken Dum Biryani : Loads of Chicken chunks, extremely well cooked served in medium spicy masala along with mix vegetable raita. Ice cream / Rasberry Soda : A meal in Irani joint is incomplete without it. I personally loved the Raspberry Soda more than Ice cream one. Irani Chai : One of the best chai I ever had. It was made of condensed milk ( Milk made by excessive boilling ) Sweetness was because of the condensed milk which I could totally appreciate! Bun/Brun Maska : Bun is soft one & Brun is little harder one. Both were loaded with butter. Perfectly complementing the tea. SERVICE (2.5/5) Extra 0.5 is exclusively because the owner attended us when he saw his servant too confused. He even agreed to make Akuri without egg yellow. The service was quick but staff attending us was totally unaware of many, ingredients in dish. They need to be trained more. AMBIENCE (3/5) Typical old Irani cafe look. Without A.C. And there are hardly 6 tables which can occupy maximum 20 people at a time. This is hot favourite of local crowd as Sunday breakfast place. So if you are going there on Sunday be prepared to wait. CONCLUSION A Must Visit place for Parsi food lovers and even for those who love non vegetarian food. They have variety of egg preparations. All the items are sold at very reasonable price. VFM 5/5.
Rated If you're looking for good food at reasonable rates, I highly recommend this place. The ambiance is subtle with the tipical Irani Cafe vibes. The food is sumptuous. We ordered the Mutton Kheema Pav, which was well cooked, with all the spices on point and not unnecessaryly oily. The Chicken biryani was good too. While at an Irani Cafe, Bun Maska is mandatory. The cheese omlette here is a must try. And obviously no Irani food is complete without Rasberry Palonji! All in all, Cafe Irani Chaii is a blessing to the Palate and the Wallet!
Rated Visited irani chaii for a breakfast. It has variety in egg dishes but we had mutton khima. Taste good. In morning we found it sad!it was quite as there was no rush. But I liked the interior of cafe! Chaii n bun maska is good.
Rated I just came here two days in a row. But please,don't assume it's because of the food. It's because sometimes you make breakfast plans with friends who want eggs and this place has eggs. Which also doesn't mean the food is bad. The food is great. Ish. The bun and brun are average, the akuri is delicious but comes in a tiny portion, the kheema at Good Luck would give this place a complex and the chai is perfect for dipping things. The biriyani is good. Ish. There service leaves much to be desired. Like speed. And efficiency. And Memory Plus tablets for the waiters. (Seriously. A bun, a brun and two chais. It's not so hard, bro.) I'd come back because Akuri. And friends.
Rated One of my favourites in coffee shops. Tried almost all varieties of their waffles. Strawberry nutella being my favourite. Red velvet frappe and dibella signature coffee is my strong recommendation for beverages. Also chocolate explosion and Ferrero rocher waffles strongly recommended for all chocolate lovers.
Rated It was a waffly Monday and trust me their waffles just helps us forget the Monday blues.. The outlet is near Hinduja hospital. They have indoor seating as well as outdoor seatings. We tried their Nutella waffle, the red velvet shake and a jungle sandwich. We had to wait for 20 mins for our waffles but it's totally worth the wait. Their red velvet shake was just plain frappe with whipped cream on it. And the sandwich was pretty sour for our taste. 4.5 coz their food is not that great. P.s Visit this place just for waffles.
Rated To start with my review, I would just say that I love this outlet. It is made so well that it just refreshes you. Food here is also excellent. Do visit this place post 11 and you get the best experience. I recommend, 1. Waffles (Any, as all are the best), 2. Coffee (Something hot) 3. Kitkat milkshake Waffles here are to die for, you would have to wait for 20 mins at least as that is the preparation time but its totally worth the wait.
Rated Ambience 4/5 Beautiful setup with indoor as well as outdoor seating. Food 4.5/5 Waffles are amazing. Tried the Nutella mango waffle , way more highly priced than the regular. But taste wise, very good. Chai : cutting chai. Not worth d price. Service 2/5 Min wait for a waffle is approx half an hour. Chai came after 20 mins. We ordered 2 waffles. Out of which we received 1 after half an hour and the other was still not made. Had to cancel d 2nd one. Very disappointing experience.
Rated The Mahim outlet has a nice open and closed door sittage. The open roof has a garden like area and it looks even beautiful from Twilight to Night time with the lights wired on the ground. We ordered the Roasted Walnut Waffle, Caramel Smoothie, Banana Shake, Ferrero Rocher Shake and a Croissant. Oh and a Coffee too. Yay Gluttony! The pick of the drinks was the Ferrero Rocher shake. It was filled with cream, chocolate, ice cream and some milk. It was so good, so good we couldn't keep our mouths off it. They served their coffee with candle cave which kept the coffee warm until the last sip. I really liked that idea. The next best thing on the table that day was the Waffle. The waffle was majestic. It was probably the best waffle I've ever had. I didn't mind it being too rich with chocolate sauce and chocolate ice cream. They also served some whipped cream with it. However the waffle in itself was fresh and moist. Not dry at all. The only negative thing (sounds like splitting hair) was the walnuts not roasted enough. If you're going to this place during evening time, please sit in the Garden area. It's always breezy. Bhagyashree Samant
Rated If you love to spend time with your loved ones over a fantastic cup of coffee, this is the place to be !!! Great range of coffees with amazing selection of waffles. A menu which everyone would love. The best part is this place is open till late night so you have more time to spend with your loved ones.
Rated On the ever bustling cadell road opposite hinduja hospital this cafe is a place where you want to hang out on every weekend. But its always packed so we ended up on a weekday. The waffles are very yummm. They are just perfect and served well. Have to go back again to try moreeeee.
Rated Pretty neat and spacious cafe with nice outside seating as well. Service seemed a bit slow but they had really good options in coffees and teas especially. You can skip ccd and barista, pay a lil extra and have a better experience. Try this and you may become a regular here.
Rated Yummiest waffles ever. Bucket list check. Had the Ferrero rocher waffle as you can never go wrong with that one. It ws so rich, chocolately and full of Ferrero and Nutella. Served with vanilla and cream, they're a must have for all waffle lovers! They're super heavy and filling, so don't go straight after a meal. Really want to try the mango milkshakes and the new summer menu. P. S. - Don't go to the branch on Tulsi Pipe Road, it's in a corporate building and only for employees and they don't even mention that anywhere. :| Overall a great place to go to, looking forward to coming here again soon.
Rated Went there to meet some old friends, we started off with the Belgian wheat beer and the German wheat beer along with their home made fries and a vegetarian mezze platter. The food was great, however there was something wrong with the beers that night, they seemed watered down and flat, there must have been some issue with their kegs or keg dispensers; hope they fix that soon ! They have a decent product floating in the market and with their price points (very affordable) they need to capitalize on that factor. rohitkhopkar.wordpress.com
Rated Visited the place after much recommendation. The place is too bright and noisy for a pub-at least that was what I thought at first glance. But the beer and food just made up for it.Had Apple Cider and Belgian Witz-repeatedly till we could crave for no more.Being a Bengali I can proudly say that seldom have I had such awesome tasty Machher Paturi anywhere else.A must visit for all beer lovers. And not to mention that you will fall in love with the high stools,the board games and the lively atmosphere.
Rated Been at this place twice. Once during the day and once on a Saturday night. Completely satisfying if all you want to do is enjoy a few beers with your mates. Not so if you have someone in the group who does not like beer. They do nothing else. Not even mocktails are listed on the menu. Though they will make a fresh lime juice for non drinkers. Seating is on small wooden chairs which I feel is not very conducive to long hours drinking beer. Food is average. We have tried almost the whole menu and nothing really stands out. Yet it is worth a repeat visit for the beer. Variety and quality of the beer is good. People are encouraged to play board games on offer. This makes for some amusement when you see people drunk on beer trying to balance the jenga towers. The downside of course it is more noisy than the western highway in peak hours. Don't go if you want some peace and quiet!
Rated It's a craft beer place, that allows your pets and has cheap finger food that go perfectly with beer and an awesome place to do all of these things without burning a hole in your pocket! What could be a better waterhole than this one? (If your water is beer that is). Maybe if all of these were available at a similar place only larger...?
Rated I'd had my dinner and downed a couple of drinks by the time I reached this place. So we just ordered a beer. Let me just start by saying that Doolally has a great vibe, which I feel every place that specializes in beer should have. A good menu, some very good beer options. But anyone who doesn't like beer will think of it as an ordinary place. Go visit Doolally at least once if you're a beer lover.
Rated I really liked the vibe of this place ! It doesn't say 'Come get sloshed' but it doesn't say 'Drink less' either. I headed to this place for a girly night and we had full pints of Mango Cider and Farmhouse Ale, both totally different beers flavour-wise! I loved Mango Cider because of its sweetness, it sways you away from the bitterness you go through the usual beer experience. Farmhouse Ale on the other hand is a balanced bitter beer (suits the name). We had the house fries which are fresh big cuts of potato sprinkled with seasoning and served with 5 sauces. Overall, the beer, the food, was gooood!
Rated I am not a beer person, so I would leave the expertise for beer lovers to comment. Ideally I should not even review since this place is categorically a brewery. However, I loved the food before not now... I am really disappointed with their not so great new food menu. Radhabollobi used to be super awesome. And finger licking South Indian mutton dish (I forgot the name) with Kori rotti made this place worth a visit. I wish they could introduce this back! Otherwise a great chilled out place...
Rated Great beers, fun ambience and lots of board games to keep you busy. Doolally is a place where you can spend hours with your friends playing games and drinking freshly brewed beer from the tap. The apple cider was the best drink; food was average and both quality and variety can be improved.
Rated Located near reclamation doolally is a small place which is rather full on weekends. Went there on a saturday night (had booked a table for 8) but still had to wait fr a while. What will instantly catch your attention is the music of this place. Its loud. This place has many board games on display which you can pick and play with your friends. It has wifi and also the best part is that its among the few places that is pet friendly. The beers here are genuinely delicious. Try the apple cider, belgian wit bier and hefeweizen. As far as the food is concerned, we ordered a non veg dish and some finger food. Which were decent enough. If you're a true beer lover like me, you'll love this place. Located close to ibar, you should definitely try this place at least once.
Rated There is nothing not to like in Doolally. For starters, they allow pets, which is awesome. On top of that, their craft beers are excellent. the Belgian Wit is special. Food is limited but excellent.
Rated I was astonished by seeing the variety of items they had in the buffet. Seriously for a foodie it's the best place to visit. I have been to barbeque nations many times so wanted to try out a new place. This place was really very awesome. All the items that I tasted were bang on. Nothing disappointed me. My favourites were pani puri, pasta , the wish grill , jalebi , cheesecake , chicken biryani , burnt garlic fried rice. It was lovely. If u are a food lover then you should definitely visit this place.
Rated Have been wanting to go to this place since long. Took some guests from London for lunch. There's supposed to be a Lucknowi festival going on. Except the sword kept outside and the attire of the staff there was nothing Lucknowi out there. Despite booking a table we were made to wait for an hour. Ambience- nothing much to talk about. Very noisy place maybe cause it was a Sunday afternoon Service- Excellent, prompt service with attentive staff. Well spoken people Food- this is where they missed the bus. It's just the feel of that grill on ur table and unlimited food that could be a crowd puller. Tiny prawns, small portions of fish, poor quality small pieces of chicken. Sheek kebabs were ok. Galouti kebab were soaked in oil and tasteless. Veg selection was equally bad except the paneer maybe. The Dahi aloo they severed was excellent though. On the main course side, dal was below average, Nalli Nihari was tasteless, mutton pulao was good and flavourful. I finally ended up filling my stomach with that. For veg there was lot of variety but again very avg taste of everything. Desserts had fresh jalebi and rabdi. Here also they absolutely missed it. For being a Lucknowi food festival it was a total let down. Terrible. Nothing North Indian about the whole meal
Rated Nov 1 dinner: I haven't gone to this kind of a place for quite some time now. Comparison with the previous avtaar - Barbeque Nation is obvious. While the concept is the same, there is a change. Earlier, along with the food, they used to provide oil, butter and seasonings so that one could actually be involved in grilling the food. Now, its ready food bought on grill and one can start eating. I am of the opinion that this is no different from serving starters on the table. And hence for me, this is not at all exciting. The food otherwise was good. However, as earlier, the main course is not at all tempting and one wouldn't mind skipping the same. The desserts are good - some of them. Overall, as a concept, it's good but the execution is not as exciting as earlier.
Rated Bombay Barbeque is every bit worth the money. They have a lovely spread. I loved the Malaysian curry and rice, the water chestnuts, all the potato preparations and the desserts. It's a great place to visit with a large group.
Rated Absolutely amazing food. I just love n relish the food they serve. The variety of preparations are amazing. Love the fresh barbeque.
Rated let me gt it straight!!! it for d people with a really good apetite and stomach of size of globe what a place...so far best place for a buffet in mumbai...the moment one enters it jus feels lyk home.. the gesture and the staff treat u jus lyk a prince. and if its ur bday or anniversary or any occasion to celebrate u r in for a treat lets start with the starters with the live barbeque.. both veg and non veg have 4 options amazing pineapple uin the veg chicken in non veg seek kebab amazing then the main course..with pav bhaji ,pani puri dahi puri ,pasta fingr licking good deserts and salads wer gre
Rated I really love this place. The food here is really good. The buffet prices are also very low. The staff is very friendly. It's a good place to enjoy with your family. But the main course is not that great. But overall this place is really good.
Rated My best friend from the states was craving for bbq-ed food & Bombay BBQ was the first place that struck my mind. Chicken, mutton, fish, prawns, you name it & it is bbq-ed on a grill right at your table, not to mention in ample quantity! We ate the appetizers tummy-full & moved on straight to the desserts. The food tastes good, service is perfect (the chef comes to your table to make you try his new attempts) & the ambience is just right for a grill! A must visit!
Rated Bombay Barbeque-A super place for buffet. The service is really good and attentive. Our server Gopal was too good and made sure everything was served properly and that we don't have any complaints with the taste and that we are satisfied with the food. The chef also personally comes to your table asking to give a feedback for the food and asks if we want him to make any changes to the food i.e. Spicy or non- spicy. Such attentiveness with good food - what more could you ask for? From chats, to wish grills (wok) to barbeque on your table every thing was perfect! Desserts were also satisfying! A must visit place !
Rated Bombay barbeque.. I was excited to visit this place.. Even if I don't want to I subconsciously to compared this with Barbeque nation! I don't wanna say which is better and which is not! Bombay barbeque serves you panipuri, sevpuri, dahipuri etc when ask for buffet. Panipuri is awesome other things are okay! They also serve you pizza which is not that tasty! When you eat all this you won't be able to eat other things :-p So plan n go what u wanna eat in the beginning Main course is again not that great! Biryani is okok! Paneer pasanda was awesome! Nothing much to say about the main course Desserts... They have live Jalebi counter.. I think it is not worth.. Jalebi is too much crispy you can't enjoy eating that Jalebi They have basundi which is I don't what to say about!! Disappointed! Firni was nice and pineapple pastry! Gulabjamun were too too soft! One very important thing! I reserved a table a day before still when I reached they asked me for details on which number I called n booked the table! In the end they gave me a table which was very uncomfortable!! So no use of proper reservation also! Disappointed !!!
Rated This restaurant is inside the Iskcon temple in juhu. They only have buffet service here and the food is saatwik and jain. TBH I have never enjoyed jain food but this place has changed my mind about it. The place offers a lot for the price it charges and the quality is top notch. I would definitely suggest this place for a family lunch.
Rated It's blessing to eat here at govinda in Isckon temple Food is home made style, with less oil n masala Taste wise it's mind blasting Have been coming here since 6-7 years
Rated Came here for a Sunday Lunch with my family and it was jam packed. Do come here early, if you don't want to wait long. Located in the small Juhu lanes at ISKCON, Govindas is the best place to eat some quality food. At Rs. 500 per plate, the thali is not cheap, but the spread is lavish and really delicious. We thoroughly enjoyed their Kaju-Karela Sabji, Paneer and Aamras. Their desserts were equally great. We all found the starters to be below par, but otherwise the maincourse was excellent. There was Italian and Indian combined with majority of the dishes being Jain. If you're looking for a tasty thali, then Govindas will not disappoint.
Rated One of the best buffet in Mumbai. Right from starters,main course, sweets everything is awesome made up of puree ghee and no garlic no onion . Starters were of 4-5types.Their main attraction is main course 4-5dishes,two Dals,kadhi and spicy biryani along with pudina raita .They also have four to five varieties of bread . Lastly desserts were kheer,rasmalai,gulabhamun aamras and ice creams were full by the time we completed the deserts so could not taste the icecreams . Anyways was worth every penny spent. Hare Krishna
Rated Buffet Lunch. Pure Veg Place. Good Food to suit age group. Indian, Chinese, Continental. Do keep space for Desserts. Good Spread Staff is so good in service the Indian breads, shrebt and Chass etc. that you really get stuffed by the time you are done. On Sunday and Bank Holiday, lots of waiting. Highly recommended to visit here
Rated Govinda restaurant is promoted by ISKCON Temple and has two places - Juhu & Girgaon. Both are absolutely amazing places to eat. Juhu one traditional Indian buffet and Girgaon one has ala carte. Food and variations on the food will just amaze you. Things like Cholle Pizza, Noodles Dosa are too good to miss. Traditional Indian desserts served with buffet are absolutely fantastic (reminds you of old Delhi & Jaipur Streets). Both the places are fairly priced as well.
Rated Nice n simple . Good buffet spread from starters to desserts . The welcome drink was refreshing , the starters were good but the main course was a bit bland for my taste.the desserts were awesome specially the gulab jamun ,rasgulla, boondi n kesar pista kulfi loved the desserts..
Rated Amazing food n satvik food dat is without onion n garlic Located in campus of iskon temple I had visited dis place with my cousins n it was Sunday afternoon n a lunch party was goin on It was buffet n there were more than 40 items The menu included salads Indian as well as continental @ ;vegetables Punjabi as well as Gujarati n specially 'undiyo' just loved it , Indian breads nans kulchas n many more ;farsan,Chinese n Indian rice n sweets n icecreams n cakes All having different varities Just amazing taste It was 500 bucks pp Must go guys Best place to treat frnds n family N for family get -together
Rated It was an unplanned visit to this restaurant. We were in the Iskcon campus for some reason and ended up having lunch at this place. Though price of Rs 450 per person seemed high for a vegetarian buffet, the spread was decent enough to justify this price. In terms of taste, we found it average. While starters were very spicy, we felt most of the main course items were bland. One possible reason for this could be that many of the items were Jain preparations. We felt that even the ice-cream was tasting very bland. So for hard-core non vegeterians like us, it was a novel experience. This novelty factor itself resulted in it being an overall satisfying meal.
Rated Hare krishna Hare krishna krishna krishna Hare Hare ...Hare Rama Hare Rama Rama Rama Hare Hare...Super Scrumptious Satvik Bhog Prasadam.....
Rated One of the golden outlets for Mughlai non vegetarian fans! This place is known for its rich, thicky gravies and deliciously aromatic biryanis. I have tried almost everything on thw menu via home delivery and would recommend the following: 1) Bhuna Chicken Gravies - This gravy reminds me of the bhuna chicken at Bade Miyaan. I love the distinct taste of fried onions in the gravy. 2) Chicken Afghani Tikka Biryani - For people who like mildly spiced biryanis, this should satiate their cravings in the best manner 3) Phirni - I am generally not a phirni fan. But this phirni is smooth and a really subtle flavour. Liked it the moment I had the first bite.
Rated It's a nice little dhaba. The seating area is on the first floor. They've got typical dhaba cots, delicious food, good view (since there aren't a lot of high rises around the restaurant). Butter chicken and Naan with some really good tandoori. Perfect
Rated Just amazing. Brilliant biryani. Delicous. And very well priced too. Nice cozy ambience and seating facilities. We had ordered a starter chicken kalimirch Tikka & Soft Tawa Chickecn Sheekh which had succulent juicy pieces of chicken cooked to perfection in a spicy marinade. We had ordered Chicken Afghani Tikka Biryani & Butter Chicken Biryani.it was simply fabulous. I would most definitely recommend it to all biryani lovers.service too good. Don't miss this place .
Rated Visited this place a couple of times, I think it was 'Le Berian' previously, but the menu hasn't changed significantly. There are a few problems with this place, the seating arrangement wasn't exactly comfortable, granted it's a small place, still, I hope they work on it, and I didn't like the service either, complete communication breakdown! Despite the above stated problems, I respect the food just enough, the Biryanis (I've tried two so far) were spiced nicely, and well presented, but it lacked the punch. I think I'll try some other options, but a three it shall be for now.
Rated So I am one of those people who likes a good biryani. And having a hyderabadi colleague has put me through scores of biryani tasting sessions that I can only remember as too much masala. Then a friend told me about this place and we went there yesterday. In a small corner of adarsh nagar, is a terrace restaurant with four tables and a choice of well cooked and perfectly seasoned bohri lamb and butter chicken biryani. There are more, but this is what we ordered. Enjoyed immensely. Must visit this place on a quiet biryani craving day. The balance of masala, meat and rice is perfect. Saviera Barretto Puja Gokarn
Rated Among the list of top deceiving take away places this would take the no.1 spot. These places make you believe in the fact that one should never go by the rating, experience it urself. So here I go ordering for a prawns biryani, now zomato delivery says 45 mins and I get my order after 70 mins with much follow up. Now comes the only good part of this experience, packaging was great and it felt like im in for a suprise. Little did I know that this biryani is a Rip off with promising king prawns and delivering prawns sized less than medium. There's more to it, now the least you can expect in a biryani is the taste, this is nothing but masala rice with a## burning spice. This was not spicy and flavorful it was simply HOT! No taste at all. I'm ordering to enjoy a biryani and not for a challenge. At a price of 300 you would feel that you've been cheated. If u haven't tried this place yet, don't dare to
Rated Go Biryan came to me real fast like pizza after ordering through one of the aap. Packaging:- It comes with good eye catching packaging which will make you feel hungry. Taste: - Disappointed, totally imbalance taste. Salt took most of the part. Others got missing. Value for Money: - 3/5 getting hygienic, well packed food, served hot. So, not to complain on this. Orders Chicken Afgani Biryani Tikka Biryani & Butter Chicken Naan Pocket. Biryani was mild (good) sprinkled with brown onion with some white gravy inside. Masala of the gravy was not fully cooked (not bhuna, it was kachaa) could get wild, strong flavor of onion, garlic, etc. (Not Good) Quantity:- In a 500ml beautiful looking box you get a lil less, but ok for office lunch, when you don't want your stomach to be full. Naan Pocket:- Great concept, sweet butter chicken filled in pocket with some cheese. Wish cheese was lil more and could melts in mouth, but provably you can’t expect all in home delivery. Everything about this was great until the chef put SALT twice. (i am assuming) all the flavors got spoiled coz of over salty taste in dish. After eating all you will remember is salt. In short not at all balance in taste. So 2 points for the concept and half for packaging 2.5 from me.
Rated This is a really nice quaint lil place that has a really warm homey aura to it. Go Biryan has a nice little setup of tables on d terrace with gorgeous warm yellow lighting which is certainly a wonderful sight. Moreover the food here delivers on every promise the name and aroma make to your tastebuds. We ordered for the chicken Afghan tikka biryani and the bohri style lamb biryani. These came with a bowl of thick chilled raita which went perfectly well with the rich aromatic biryani. For desert we had the saffron phirni which was easily one of d tastiest phirni's I have ever tasted. ( P.s. I love phirni so you can only imagine how good it was ) Please do go there and enjoy their biryani as its also really easy on d pocket.
Rated One of the best Biryanis I have had so far. Located in adarsh nagar near flags, this place was first called as 'le berian'. It's actually a take away place but they have arranged terrace lounge seating with around 5-6 tables enough to occupy 6 per table. The seats are really comfortable with white all around and the staff is quite humble. Overall the ambiance is pretty average, because of roof top mosquitoes can be sometimes irritating, but who cares about all these things when you have such a delicious moghlai food in front of you. I have tried this place several times and it was never disappointing. All the dishes i have tried so far were very well cooked and perfectly spiced. They truly serve super delicious Rolls, tikkas, curries and specially biryanis. I highly recommend this place for all non veg fans. Trust me you won't mind gaining an extra pound for such a lovely food..
Rated Best place to have dinner and the food is just lip smacking tasty.Big fan of tandoori mushrooms and chicken tikka too was amazing.Fish here is just great Saguti chicken and pulimunchi prawns is must try for everyone over here.And its damm light on pocket thus an value for money hotel.
Rated Finally,after a long wait I visited this seafood paradise on one fine sunday afternoon. Place is small but delicious. We had ordered tawa Surmai fry,Neer and Some prawn thing with difficult name and ofcourse sole kadhi . Everything was the best specially tawa Surmai and neer. Service is good but may get sluggish due to big crowd. Luckily we got table easily. Blessed us. You have an endless option here and my strong recommendation is to try anything of seafood but chicken. Trying chicken will be insult of this place as this place is famous for seafood and they really serve the best of it. Will visit more often to try out more stuffs.
Rated One of the most popular sea food restaurants in central Mumbai (be prepared for a 30-60 minute wait during weekdays for lunch), this is a must visit for sea food aficionados. Like most of the older sea food restaurants the decor is unpretentious and simple and guys very reasonably priced. A single dish, which I have not seen in any other restaurant the bharlela bombil is by itself a good enough reason to visit here. A pretty unique concoction that looks like a vada with an outer crust of fried bombil and stuffed with prawns in a green masala this is pretty much unmissable. The prawn malvani masala which goes with either wade or chapati was another great dish. The surmai hirwa Masala though was OK, the gravy didn't blend with the fish as well I thought might have been better with pomfret. All dishes are ideally washed down with their excellent solkadi. The prawn pulumunchi with neer dosa is also highly recommended by people who visit here. Didn't have the appetite for that but will definitely come here again.
Rated Went out for lunch after having a movie time at Phoenix Mall. The ratings looked attractive but my personal experience was not great. The food was costly and was served late, one tandoori pomfret was priced 800 which is high for a VFM claimed place. The taste was good and so was the quality of food. We ordered Chicken Lapeta Kabab, Tandoori Pomfret, Chicken Vindaloo n Neer Dosa.
Rated Well, this one is a legend in its own might. I think there is not an iota of doubt that when it comes to seafood it definitely features in the top few restaurants in town. What is disappointing however is that a place which is known so well for its seafood dishes falters when it comes to the plain and basic veg cooking including dal fry and paneer tikka. While this place is actually meant for sea food lovers I had gone there with a very basic expectation of having neer dosa and vegetables/paneer made in the quintessential Malwani gravy. To my utter disappointment they refused saying they serve all their gravies only with non veg and the only options for vegetarians are the limited Punjabi dishes which didn't appeal to my palate at all. However it would be unfair if I rate them for a cuisine they don't pride themselves on, for their vegetarian dishes deserve nothing more than a 2.5. However the sea food lives up to its mark. My husband tried the Bharla Bombil ( Bombil fish chops stuffed with prawns) for starter followed by Pomfret Pulimunchi and Neer dosa for the main course. The star dish was the Pomfret Pulimunchi made in spicy and tangy gravy. Tasted excellent with neer dosa. The service is excellent- quick and prompt. The waiters are knowledgeable and they help you decide on the order based on your palate preference. My final word- A must go if you are a non vegetarian and more so an ardent sea food fan. Avoid!, in fact stay away if you are a hard core vegetarian!
Rated Great food. Great taste. It's a must try. Service is good too. The best part Is I had gone for lunch during office hours. Food was served quick and was fresh. Fish is there speciality, but had little smell in them. So we tried chicken. Which was good.
Rated Firstly, the place gets super crowded on Friday lunch time so ensure you reach there before 1.. it's a decent joint usually flocked by the office crowd..we had ordered Masala paper which was cold and soggy.. the non veg platter was good.. the chicken was spicy and well made.. the chicken vindaloo was too tangy but chicken bharta was good.. the service lagged a lot.. the fresh lime juice came after the lunch was over.. and there wasn't a single dessert available.. visit this place only if you work nearby..
Rated Quite frankly this place isn't that great. The food is good but won't blow you off your feet. The mutton kolhapuri was decent. Waited for around 30mins to get in. But not worth the wait. One plus point is that the rates are very fair.
Rated In our everyday lifestyle as 9am - 9pm so called professionals..food plays an integral part of the schedule. In fact, for someone like me, lunch is of prime importance if I wanna have a good day in office. And places like Jai Hind make it more easy for us to make choices that go easy on the wallet as well as enjoy sumptuously good food. Had to wait for a while for a lunch on a weekday. Partly because we were like a cricket team out there in numbers. And when we got in..the first thing I noticed was how satisfied / happy the other customers were. You could see it on their faces. It instantly guaranteed us a good time. And that we did. We ordered for the seafood..chicken dishes ..with chapatis and neer dosas. And it was all fabulously delicious. And to top it off..the sol kadis were outstanding. We were still talking about it in the evening. And that my friends is the secret to good food that is satisfying to the core.
Rated Been here a zillion times, right from my college days. The food is UNHEALTHY, DELICIOUS and SINFUL... All in a good way! This is for people who want to have a great wholesome meal, large portions over coffee with friends and family. I wouldn't recommend this place for meetings as most often it's quite noisy and disturbing however one can still use their roof area if required. Forget being healthy when you come here, u are meant to indulge. I just wish they wouldn't slather the food on my plate in the ruthless way they do, but then again I think that's part of their charm. The format of their outlet demands that wholesome, over eating, lumpy throw in the plate feel. Out n out, a place to stay! Lastly, I would like to add that this place has also become a status symbol for many youngsters and college going students - hey, I'm going to candies today.... Meaning they are in vogue! As for me, I will go here again n again :)
Rated You get swept off your feet with the ambience that this place has! Colourful and vibrant. Amazing rooftop view with peppy music. I ordered a chicken junglee sandwich and a german apple cake. Was pretty decent. I actually loved the cake, big fan of any dessert made out of apples and this did not disappoint me. Would definitely recommend this to all!
Rated Cosy and good romantic place. It was 3rd date and i had good time with my gf. Good food cool place and best part is no one disturbs you. (Except cats n crows)
Rated This place is beautiful! The interiors are amazing and the food here is super good. It has a overall Portuguese theme to it that blends super well with everything that is served here.
Rated A beautiful place. You cannot be in Bombay and not visit this place. The food is great but it's a huge disappointment that it's always over. I've had a pretty bad experience with the service here, although the food and ambience always made up for it. The desserts are great and do not miss the freebies at the end of the day.
Rated With 2000+ reviews i am sure not going to mention something thats already written about this place. Fun place to sit and chill with your mates. Love just about everything i have ordered here specially the chicken sandwiches and lemon grass cooler. Chinese fare is decent as well. The only downside, they shut early.
Rated Candies is one of the most favourite spot for youngsters and college students. It is located quite in the interiors of pali hill. The ambiance out here is amazing. There is ample of space out here, it's the biggest of all the branches. Coming to such low rating. I visited this place around 17:00 on a Saturday evening after a painful 6 hr long lecture. When i entered this place ground floor was full, the rooftop was empty though. But somehow managed to get a seat on the top floor ac seating. When i went to order food almost everything was over, sheer disappointment all the way. Then i order a dragon chicken and American club sandwich. The dragon chicken came along a sweet n sour salad. The dragon chicken was sweet and tasty with cashew in it. The salad was also okay. Club sandwich was just to fill the hunger level but i was amazed by it and really liked it. Next time mayb i get all the dishes to have that me help to improve the pointer.
Rated This place has been a cozy, friendly outlet and has been pleasing youngsters and elders alike with its innovative limited food options available, freshly made daily. Basically serving pub food, it has limited options available everyday, but nonetheless, filling and will leave your taste buds satisfying! My rating for this place: Food: 3/5 (Could improve on their quality) Service: 3/5 (Mostly self-service) Ambience: 4/5 (Pretty and peppy, elevating upwards on the Pali Hill!) Value for money: 3.5/5 Overall Experience: 3.5/5
Rated This is one of the best hangout place for youth The concept and ambience is really cool Something different then ordinary Their sitting space is v large 2 floors above under open sky They dont serve you have to order and carry it yourself while finding place They have a large variety of food available from different cuisine They fast food snacks sweet salads savouries I would suggest the chi burgers and sandwiches There wild berry and Bombay blue ice tea os really nice There tarts are ok Dont go for the cute small cartoon cakes they just look cute but taste pathetic And beware they dont accept cards
Rated Celebrated my grandparents anniversary here , who were super excited for the utterly delicious seafood they have heard about from gajalee , and i am glad to say that this place seemingly never lets down . With the most courteous staff , to the excellent food , to a great parking area and ambience , everything seems to tick all the boxes here . Coming to what we ate , Started with the SolKadi , which was good . A proper kokam infused drink, rich and refreshing. Went to soup , where i had the paya soup which was the special of the day , absolutely enjoyed the fat enriching taste and got my fair share of protein . It was creamy , and extremely smooth and velvety . The tomato soup was a bit watery but it tasted nice with the fried breadcrumbs in it . The crab meat soup was the best . With soft sweet crab meat combined with the proper texture of clear soup. Delicious and Completely appetizing. Now for the appetizers, Ordered the corn tikki because my grandfather is vegetarian and its a little astonishing that he chose a hardcore nonveg place . Corn tikki was good. Nothing to complain about. Had the Bombil (bombay duck) fry , which was crisp , neatly fried , soft and succulent. The rava prawn fry wasnt that nice as the rava coating was too thick as compared to the prawn so unfortunately the prawn couldnt be tasted . The fried calamari with the tartare sauce was the best . Crispy and crunchy on the outside and beautifully cooked on the inside . For the maincourse ordered the fish curry and rice , which i am bored of eating but it was marvelous. The best combination was the curd rice with fried bombil . A tremendous combination. Overall the foods good, pricing decent.
Rated So I am going to give a very generic review to this place and not a personal one like I normally do for other restaurants as there is nothing bad about the food but I personally don't feel like eating here and there is no specific reason for that!!. So hence the generic review... very good food, good variety and clean place. slightly expensive and less quantity but taste wise very good. Have had the Mutton chop, Surmai Fish fry, Prawns koliwada, Bombil fry, nothing to complain about. for the veggies Dahi Bhindi is a must try, something new and don't usually find it at many places!!
Rated The food at Gajalee was superb. In my three years of Bombay, this has been one restaurant that I have heard a lot about - both negative and positive. Most of the negative reviews were about the Andheri branch, and almost all the positives were about the Ville Parle East outlet. So no prizes for guessing which one I went to. The place is not huge from outside, but it looks pretty cool. We had to wait for around ten minutes before we were ushered in and seated. We started with a Solkadi and a Buttermilk, and both the drinks lived up to their name. The Buttermilk was awesome, and the Solkadi was great (though not even near to the standard of Jai Hind). Then we ordered a Prawns Butter Pepper Garlic and a Stuffed Bombil. The Prawns were great, even if not the best tasting that I have had. That right belongs to Harish Lunch Home. However, the quantity and sizes of the prawns were extraordinary, and the price is completely justified. And they tasted fresh, juicy and... simply yum! The gravy can be improved, though not by much. The Stuffed Bombil, as usual, was a star of the meal. Fillets of Bombay Duck filled with minced Prawns - how can it go wrong? No way! But again Jai Hind has the bragging rights for this item. However, the chutney or the dip served at Gajalee is out of the world, it transforms any kababs or fries into something else. Made from (probably) raw mangoes, ginger, green chilies and coriander, the dip is simply from another world. No comparison to any other dip I have had in Mumbai to go with my fish. Superb. The two of us were almost full, and so we went for a simple Rawas Curry with Amboli, or thick rotis made of rice powder. The Curry was another highlight of the day. Light, flavorful and mildly spiced, the curry tasted unique, simple and was a joy to the palette. With succulent pieces of boneless Indian Salmon, one of my favorite fishes, this was a treat for the senses, which was quickly and neatly mopped up with the Amboli. By the end of it, we were absolutely full and satisfied. But but but... there is always space for a Caramel Custard, and that's exactly how we closed our meal. Wasn't the best ever but was still very good, like always. The only con was the speed of the service. It was extremely slow. We felt that the place is understaffed. However, Gajalee was not a disappointment at all, and for all the negatives that we had heard about the pricing, I felt it was not exorbitant, even if on the higher side.
Rated Legendary seafood place. Went after years and realised that the taste at Vile Parle East Gajalee is way diff than all others.. This is the place to go if one wants to have authentic food. Rest all branches r offer far inferior n modified flavours may be due to the clientele of the area. The Bombil fry was out of the world. Crisp n melt in mouth... Surmai curry was just fabulous. Typical Goan flavour n rightly spiced too. Surprising was to have such an excellent Butter chicken at a place famous for its seafood. Totally floored by the place. Excellent and courteous staff. Ambience is not much to talk about. Only negative is that they don't serve liquor here... Must visit!! 20/4/16... Revisited and it was as always amazing. Fried Bombil was as awesome as ever. Stuffed Bombil was fantastic. Prawns fry were little oily but good. Crab butter garlic was huge but the taste was no where compared to Mahesh.. Kombdi Wada was bad. The wadas were think n sad. Chicken was horrible. Worth a revisit
Rated This review for Gajalee is based (sacrilege) on its chicken. I know, I know, why go to a Seafood restaurant if you don't eat seafood, right? Well, a work related commitment took me there and hence, the Chicken! I had the Chicken Tikka Masala and can easily say, it was one of the better ones I've had. Tender chicken, perfectly 'tikkaed' in a rich gravy, which I found a little too heavy for my liking, but was very tasty indeed. My colleagues had the Pomfret Biryani and were quite happy with the flavour and moistness of the Biryani...
Rated One my best seafood treats ever !! I was in Mumbai and dying to taste seafood as you don't have good restaurants in delhi. I would say the visit was worth it #ambiance & interiors : 3.5/5 It looked something out of an old bygone era. High ceilings and the restaurant was made in two levels. the crowd had lot of families though some definitely looked right our of D-company #Service : 4.5/5 very experienced managers. The orders are taken by an experienced manager who provides excellent recommendations and guide on portion sizes. We ordered pomfret curry and prawns on his guidance #price : 4/5 For great seafood and location, it was not really expensive #food : 4.5/5 Excellent seafood. #pomfret curry : 5/5 . We had it with steamed rice and the gravy made us stuff ourselves beyond our capacity #chilli prawns: 4.5/5. Nice large fresh prawns in excellent spices. prevented us from finishing our pomfret fry Come here if you want to relish great seafood !! I will visit again to taste more dishes off their menu
Rated I liked the prawns masala. Pomfret were good enough. Not that tasty. Prices are high. Expensive tho. Crabs were good and okayish. Only meant for sea food.
Rated So this is THE famous Gajalee, heaven for seafood lovers. My friends in the area kept telling me about it for years, and I did not care one bit since I am vegetarian :D Last week I spent a week in Vile Parle and stayed over at a friend's place who suggested we go here for dinner on Thursday. Obviously my reaction was -'Hellllooooo, I am vegetarian, what will I get here??" :D She assured me that if I did not like the menu,we will go elsewhere. So we landed here at around 8. Place fills up fast as the night progresses, so always come early. Ambiance is good and seating assures a bit of privacy too,like that :) The menu obviously is filled with all sorts of Prawns, lobsters, crabs and such dishes which are apparently award winning but surprise,surprise,even veggies have some choices here in North Indian food. I had some very soft and delicious Butter Naan with Mixed Veg Malvani curry (spicy!) and Paneer Bhurji (mild and tastes good). Prices are on the higher side and I would suggest come here only if you love seafood so that you feel like you have spent money on something worthwhile,veg is good but expensive :) And hardcore veggies may not like so much non-veg around them. Service is fast and efficient. I did not regret coming here though I would probably have to re-incarnate as a non vegetarian to truly do justice to the core specialty of this place :D celebratemybeautifullife.blogspot.com
Rated Best sea food in mumbai would really recommend this place too all the sea food lovers.It's a bit expensive but it's totally worth it.Crab tandoori is undoubtedly the best.promphet fry is Mouth watering.Solkadi to end your digestion after a heavy meal.
Rated I went for their buffet. The starters were good. I liked the fish and the potatoes a lot. And also the mushrooms. In their main course, I liked the Chicken Dum Biryani and the Crab Gravy. Also, among desserts, I liked the Pecan Pastry and the Chocolate Pastry. It's a nice place to go to with friends once in a while.
Rated Visited Barbeque Nation after a harrowing experience last month at Thane outlet. However, the Nerul branch was much professional and better than them. The service quality by staff was top notch. The ambience and good quality at BBQ nation is always a 5 star affair. They have improved their overall main course and included different variety of dishes. Their booking system also seems to have improved over the few months. Special thanks to Mr. Sunil and his team at barbeque nation Nerul branch for a pleasing experience once again and also to Mr. Shabbir Sayyad for maintaining an efficient handle of complaints, grievances and management.
Rated Great Place with Awesome food as it is near to palm beach and also near to shushrusha hospital so the restaurant is always crowdy.so u have to wait for the awesome taste
Rated My brother insisted that we should try this place and thus the entire family on Sunday afternoon marched towards Barbeque Nation. This place offered us some serious good food, good customer care and a happening ambience. Its advisable to have an advanced booking and you get your time slot. We started with the starters and they had amazing varieties both in veg and non. veg. The staff never hurries you to finish your food and leave but yes one have to keep in mind the time slot provided to them. We took lot of time in exploring the starters and trust me they were the best. At the same time they were hosting a sea festival and delicacies like crab and lobsters were available with some additional price. We ordered for crab, however we later realised that it is spolied. The chef came and tried convincing us that it is the taste of the Chinese spices and the crab is not spoiled. After a detailed discussion with him he was convinced that crab was spoiled due to not proper storage and he sincerely apologized. Then came the turn off main section. The options were lavish here too. The desert section was also had lot of options and they were really yummy. The only thing I didin't liked was the drink. I ordered for a pinnacolada and itt was terrible. They tried correcting it but it wasn't upto the mark. We loved the food and the ambience. The customer care was great too. Its little expensive but trust me you will not regret. We will definitely go again and will recommend to others too. And yes, if you have a birthday or anniversary then do mention to them as they pack a small delicious cake for you.
Rated Would rate it full 5.. Amazing place...Had prebooked for 15 people for lunch buffet veg and non veg... Right from starters till desserts was just too good.. Variations in starters and desserts was more.. Pasta was yumm.. Management was good..Place was too enthusiastic and friendly.. Full paisa vasool place..Have become my favourite ❤
Rated Hmmm, a nice decent place for foodies. Very accessible to Palm Beach road. This place is big and holds inside as well as outside seating area. Would have given it more than 4, if the staff treated vegans equally important. One of the best places for non vegetarians of course. They have wide variety of dishes. Potatoes veggies are good but the paneer starter tasted average. Desserts are nice but can be improved in terms of quality. Veg buffet is average. Management : kindly treat vegetarians equally important. Some of the dishes are really good which makes this place good to visit.
Rated One of the best places to visit during anytime of the day... Highly suggest you to kindly keep your tummy empty before entering this place coz you have no idea how much you will end up eating. Mind blowing food with a very unique system of serving the food. The ambiance is so chilled and relaxing. The best part is the service here, personally whenever I visit the place always end up with someone's bday party or anniversary or so and all the employees end up singing song and dancing for you to make u feel special. You won't regret a bit visiting the place. Advice take reservations during weekends or else end up waiting.
Rated If you live grilled and barbecue food this is a must visit place. Well i am sure most of us are aware about the concept of this food chain. Go to this place if you have a great appetite and ensure you focus on the grilled n barbecue and not on the mains which can be had anywhere else too. The staff is really wonderful and ensure they give a 10 on 10 service. The chef and even make changes to the grilled meat as per your liking. Do keep some space for the deserts....they are awesome. The newly started kulfi counter is a must have....so eat with caution and keep space for the deserts. Main course can be missed.
Rated This is one amazing concept for the foodies. Setting up a mini barbecue on the table is simply awesome. The food is really nice here and most importantly, the starters are amazing
Rated This place reeks of awesomeness. The food combined with the ambience and the great music makes it feel worth all that you pay. The service here is super awesome. Nice place to visit anytime of the day.
Rated Super amazing experience.. the ambience first.. it is green, cool and has aquariums all around so you get an utmost comfort zone. Starters were unique,and delicious. They serve unlimited drinks as well.Maincourse had chinese as well as indian stuff, done really well. Cons.. less options for veggies in maincourse compared to nvg.. and it seemed whatever was available was just prepared for the heck of preparing. Same with desserts.. paid less attention. Good service. Overall a value for money.. and a must visit place.
Rated Through personal experience and only portraying personal views, this place was a huge disappointment. The only thing i liked was the value for money aspect of the entire experience, but other than that; out of a complete array of food items, there were only a few that even broke he above-average barrier. This place has always been in the highlight for serving some great dishes, but I was left unsatisfied. Let's begin with the not so good dishes. The prawns tempura was literally in-edible, as one could only taste the heaps of oil that went in. Infact all the fried items were not good at all, they all lacked flavor and were little packets of oil. The momos were just fine, nothing that would leave you in awe! The biggest dissapointment out of the entire lot were the sushi dishes and the Kim-Chi. The Kim-chi was in the bluntest terms, horrible. It was something I had never tasted and would never taste again. The sushi did not have wasabi, and its absence was totally evident. The sushi was basically lifeless and tasteless without the wasabi.The dipping sauce was ok . The cold cuts were not my cup of tea to be frank, and hence will not be commented over. Coming to the limited positives. The black pepper chicken, pepper mushrooms, lamb chops, flat noodles, mango salad, and drinks were a part of the few dishes that were decent in terms of taste. For the money we spent, the experience was not acceptable. The waiting staff was good. The solid positive about the restaurant was its ambiance. It is a beautiful place. Maybe you can try this place out once.
Rated This place has one of the best buffet in town. Its mecca for Non vegeterians.. But we Veggies also had a good time.. Loved the sushi, and other pan asian and Indian starters and mains... Definitely worth a visit for all buffet lovers... Kids too had a blast dining here and looking at the fishes in the big fish tanks...
Rated One of the best buffet places I have been till date. The ambience of those beautiful surreal fishes around, with the lightning which mesmerizes in every possible way, just makes it such a memorable occasion. The prawns, the raw octupus, prawn wafers and the masala corn was something I preferred over and over. There are lots of dishes to choose from continental, Thai, Chinese etc. And at the end BR ice cream to end the beautiful feast..everyone should visit it sometime or the other.
Rated A nice restaurant nice staff nice ambiance staff was very polite and helpful. But coming to the food there were many varieties and I have a suggestion for global fusion have a lill more vegetarian items and tandoor items in veg non veg both as the bend is more towards Chinese and Japanese.. The restaurant should have a lill more indian options.
Rated One word for this place it's "exhilarating" !!! We went here on Wednesday afternoon and this place was jam packed. It's large, well interiored and good ambiance. The way starters are served here is bit contrast with BBQ nation in former case you have to choose cards which have starters named written on it and give it to the waiter. What really impressed me was the variety of starters that global fusion keeps. The list of starters is just endless. They had a section of only frozen food which was something new for me . I'll say I loved 80% of whatever I ate , 20% was bit flat in terms of taste . The main course and deserts were incredible as well. zomatians - if u want to enjoy this place go with a group of atleast 6 persons , that way you will get to taste all the varieties. This place has really taken the dine experience to a new level....just enjoyed this place. Definitely visiting back !
Rated Great Ambience. Service is average. Extremely slow. Sushi station was decent. Not very happening. Lacked the taste of freshness Indian station was decent too. All the starters were under seasoned. House full on a week day, people from different culture's were spotted too. Not a bad experience. Won't return anytime soon, might recommend it, but no harm for a first time.
Rated Global fusion another awaited place. I liked the place for the ambience, wasn't very impressed with taste of the starters, the crispy corn was good, coriander paneer was nice and these are the only two starters which I can recall of all the 10-15 vegetarian starters. Never had sushi before and i really liked it. Had quite a few of them. I prefer taste over quantity and variety, so after seeing all the food it was slightly disappointing to not have had good food. The staff really needs to amp up their skills.
Rated Global Fusion Passes by this place a non we of times but hadn't really planned on visiting it. Surfed my best food destination guide the ZOMATO and cams across this classy and stylish joint "Global Fusion" @ Andheri Kurla Road. Planed it over for a Sunday Lunch and got a reservation done. Reservation might not be required but to be on a safer side it better to have yourself a seat booked. The restaurant has a classy Decor that gives a perfect feel of a FIVE star hotel restaurant. And the huge fish tanks all around the place can give you a feel as if it's an under water world thyme restaurant. Full marks the ambiance. The staff were well mannered and we were well guided of the variety offered on the buffet. We kicked off with some yummy Sea Food Tom Yumm soup and Veg Manchaow soup. There were two veg and two non veg soups. Starters are endless and it's all live counters. All you need to do is to select a coupon on what all you wish to relish and it will served on to the table. Service is also very quick. Meal served are Japanese, Indian and Chinese. All in all there are around 50-60 items to offer. One really needs to have a huge appetite to even taste it all. For SUSHI lovers this is heaven. The best and Max available variety I have ever come across at any restaurant in India. Complimentary mocktalils, and soft drinks is unlimited on the house. Wine and Beer is also complimentary. Overall it's a MUST MUST MUST GO restaurant Ratings Ambiance: 5/5👌 Staff: 3/5 Food Variety : 5/5✌ Food Quality : 4/5 Overall : 4/5 👍👍
Rated Went there for a friday lunch, and to my surprise the place was almost full. They have this unique process of ordering starters wherein one can view them & then select the chits for those starters which they would like to have. We went for the prawn and chicken starters... There is complimentary soft drinks on offer too. This is followed by the lavish sushi spread which is self service and then the Indian main course. The dessert section has a Baskin and Robbins ice cream counter and around 10 types of desserts to choose from. Overall I would say it's a complete paisa vasool @860 per head.
Rated Best Indian food is served here. Just like mom's made food. We ordered 1. Papad churi- crisp with fried onion 2. Paneer lasoni sabzi- it was delicious 3. Veg kholapuri- was ok. Dint taste good. Was bland. Species were missing. 4. Pav bhaji- too bad. Not something u shud order here 5. Missi roti/laccha paratha- served hot and crisp Service was initially not good bt when we complained to the manager he was serving himself and covered for the service. Ambiance is old type bt maintaining the authentication of it.
Rated This is a legendary veg place. Family ambience and quick and efficient service is their hallmark. Average meal is Rs 300/- to 500/- per person. My favourites here are CHAAS , PAPAD OR KHICHIYA CHURI, YELLOW DAL TADKA, Bhindi fry, PANEER BHURJI. I guess all dishes are tasty and well made , and one should order as per preference. Jains can get almost all dishes made as per Jain food. Be prepared for long waiting periods on weekends and holidays. They do not take reservations.
Rated Simple yet amazing place to have a perfect dinner. Special veg thali is the attraction of this place. Most of the tables are served with this thali. Perfect combo of gravies, dal, curd, kachori and rice. Indeed it is a sumptuous meal. Unlike other restaurants, chapati was much much softer here! That's the best part I liked about whole thali. Worth trying! Must visit!
Rated Food is good .. Everything is delicious ... All the dishes we ordered were great .. Super fast service, nice and courteous staff .. The ambiance and the area is a bit off but the food makes it up to it .. I visit every time I am in Mumbai ..
Rated If you are looking for a heavy full meal, this is the place to go to. Just be careful, we have been told there are 2 of these and one is original which is the good and other doesn't have that great food. Simple seating. Nothing fancy with ambience or decorations but neat and clean. Good tasty food. Heavy to digest!! So be careful while eating or u will want to sleep then and there!
Rated So this place is one of the few that I've been wanting to revisit since some time. Nothing fancy but just that their food is extremely tasty! So I ordered the papad churi, sev tamatar subzi, paneer bhurji and their special roti. Oh and of course some chhaas. Everything was delicious. The chhaas was fresh..Not an ounce of sourness. The churi papad was extremely tasty with fried onion and whatever else it had. Both the subzis were awesome. The special roti - probably the best restaurant one I've had. Definitely going to come here a bit more..
Rated HAVING BEING A REGULAR TO THIS PLACE SINCE LAST 20 YEARS . NOT A FANCY PLACE BUT THE FOOD IS THE BEST OUT HERE . GOOD VEG FOOD BE IT THE PANNER BHURJI TO DALFRY TO THE CHAAS BOTTLE YOU CAN ORDER ANYTHING AND YOU WILL LOVE IT HERE. THIS PLACE WILL NEVER DISSAPOINT YOU NO MATTER WHAT YOU ORDER.
Rated Good quality food. Taste was also good. But a little bit of disappointment due to so much of hype... However my wife really liked ask the stuff especially the sev tamatar ki sabji!
Rated A good desi taste that even on a sunday is a rear combination ! I visited this outlet on a sunday and we had a waiting just for 2,5min which is acceptable ! The service is quick and rates are fair enough ! Papad churi,spl butter roti and its beer chaas is what everyone should give it a try✌🏻️
Rated A delight to have such delicious mouthwatering food, Roti with Butter, Paneer Bhurji, Chaas bottle. Dal Tadka, Papad Churi. Just enjoy it everytime, need to go early or will have to wait for minimum 30-45 minutes, noisy, filled with customers anytime. Quality of food still same. expensive. But good. No parking. There are many with same name in one lane, we went to Original BT. On first floor.
Rated Had been planning to visit this place from quite a long time... It was my birthday and with no hesitation we booked a table here. Let me tell u It was the best birthday lunch I have ever had. I liked the open kitchen concept it really makes u feel alive.. They serve good tandoor dishes. A video posted by the owner I guess on YouTube made me visit this place and trust me my visit here was memorable. Well the concept is little different. Won't break the surprise as I want you to experience it personally. Table booking is highly recommended..
Rated What to say ... It's an amazing experience ... The ease with which the servers understood and executed the dinner left us spellbound! We are vegetarians and contrary to suggestions the food was really good... Corn cob bhel, kale salad are items I shall suggest all to must try once!
Rated Thoroughly enjoyed the experience of dining in the unique concept Unlike many reviews that say that food is not that great, we felt it was nice ... We had corn and waterchestnut, paneer Palak roulade , allahabadi Tehri , dal makhanai... All was good . The place is warm and friendly . The crew were sensitive to take care of my 2 year daughter who was running around . Touched by gestures, experience and food. The only flip side is I had to book a table on Monday for a Sunday dinner !!! This was after 3 failed attempts
Rated A good place and all together a very unique and excellent experience. The staff is too good, although it does cost a lot to dine in, but its more about the experience rather than having a dinner.
Rated I loved the concept of differently abled people serving and taking orders. It was all made convenient for them. The menu, the gestures, everything. They're so polite and the service is so good. The ambience is elite. The location can be easily found. But, the food can get better. I'd already heard that the food can get better and still visited the place but the food still didn't satisfy me and I stick to the review I got. The jumbo prawn which could get better too. Worth a visit or two.
Rated Wow what a concept. I really liked it. Food is awesome and reasonable at the same time. Its a different experience. Only one thing should be improved, that is reservation system.
Rated Great Concept, Food can be better. Well, its a great Concept. The idea of having differently abled people taking the order and serving, is an excellent one. Not just the idea, the execution is immaculate as well, with the hand signs, the menu prepared and presented in a way to ensure that communication is proper at both ends. If i had to rate for the concept and its execution, it would be a 5. However, food is where it can certainly get better. We were around 15 of us including the kids, hence we had a lot of items. The starters- The best of them was Paneer Seekh Kebab. It was delicious. A little sweet with Paneer melting in the mouth. Waterchestnut with Corn tikki was also good. Corn was almost mashed and made like tikkis, one could do away with the Papri at the base though. Mushroon Galauti was okayish. The reason is that when u mash the mushroom, the taste is not the same, it does not give that flavour of mushroom in your mouth, one that you look for. Suran Sarson Pasanda was again okayish. Again sarson taste was a little suppressed. Shakarkand chat was also average. The idea of using Shakarkand is good, but it can be made much better with better usage of other ingredients which are used in chaats. Pathar paneer was good. The rasam soup was not upto the mark, the tanginess of the rasam was missing. In the main course, Palak Paneer Rusade was excellent, right draping of Palak along the paneer. Aloo rassa was alright. @ Nilgiri green curry was a little disappointing. It had dominance of the coconut flavour, should be a little less dominant. In the dessserts, we had Sugarfree pinnacota sitafal. It was sugarfree but was too sweet. The mocktails are good. The Masala lemonade was good. The Orange Chilly mocktail was excellent. This place is mostly booked, so prior reservation is recommended
Rated Finally writing a review after my third visit to this place (trust me, 3 visits is a great deal to manage considering that they are forever booked) My first visit rating was gonna be 5 but i never wrote that review. And have now ended up giving it a 3.5 rating. That pretty much explains the overall experience with this restaurant. At first, you are mesmerized by the ambience, the staff, the different menu and most by the concept. The differently abled staff, their sweet introduction, signs on the menu, thank you gesture, amazingly decorated wall...all is heart touching and ensures an excellent experience. The only drawback about this place which i eventually realized, is the Food! Limited menu with further limited taste. I have tried many dishes here and was not impressed by even a single one from them. Duck seekh was bland, paneer seekh was simply roasted 4 cubes of paneer without any marination or taste, chicken lollipop was too tangy without any crispy coating of the usual lollipop, gucchi biryani had just one small mushroom with otherwise simple rice, chicken curry was too regular to taste, etc. So none of the dishes that we have tried so far belong to my category of delicious food. The only food items i really loved at this place are their chutneys and pickles. I have tasted some really amazing stuff here like mango chutney, brinjal pickle, bitter gourd pickle, etc which really impressed me. But apart from this, neither of the actual dishes are great nor are they value for money due to the small portions served considering the price charged for each dish. If only this restaurant improves the quality and quantity of food, everything else is bang on spot. As of now, visit this once for a different experience but dont expect much from food and not really a place which i would advice to visit again and again.
Rated Mumbai is a place where there's a chance to try anything new and Mumbaiites are the people who'll make sure to both, give and take such a chance. Mirchi and Mime is one such venture which justifies this spirit of Mumbai. A unique dining experience which eventually leaves you humbled. The occasion we wished to celebrate was a big promotion in the family and were on the look out for a exclusive way to do so. M&M fit the bill perfectly. After a lot of advance reservations, cancellations and re-reservations (yes, they are perpetually booked!), we managed to get our table for last Saturday evening at 9pm. We were introduced to the concept of M&M by the manager who then let Mr. Tarik, our smiling super server for the evening take over. His warmth, smartness and suggestions on what to order completely bowled us over. The other servers were no different. We were told by the manager at the very beginning that each portion would be sufficient for 2 people only and we may order accordingly. And so we did. A brief overview of what we ate and loved : Drinks: Masala lemonade, Raspberry soda (Pallonji's), Pomegranate granita and the Orange mirchi drink - All were good. The dash of spicy red chilli powder to the tangy orange was an interesting combination. May not be liked by all. I did. Appetisers: Waterchestnut & Corn Tikkis: The combination of this two is becoming my newest favourite. The flavours in this tikki emerge in every tiny bite you take. Delicious! Shakarkand Chaat: The usual chaat but this one made with fried sweet potatoes! Corn off the cob Bhel: This was the standard Bhel made from sweet corn mixed in chatpata chutneys. Mains: Fresh vegetables Jalfrezi: Mixed vegetables in a lovely, creamy gravy. Nehru Place Paneer Methi Makhani: This was suggested to us by our server. Soft chunks of Paneer served along with a tomato based gravy. A little tangy but good, nevertheless. Smoked dal: Kali dal. Great with your rotis, rice and even by itself. Rotis, Naans and Parathas: Basic. No complaints. Allahabadi Tahiri: Dum biryani made in a green base, which I guess could be spinach or /and mint. This was served along with a raita. Good portions and fine on flavour too! Dessert: Nutella and Toffee Tarte Fine: 2 Slices each of Dark chocolate and white chocolate pies, with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. Perfect end. It was a memorable evening, complete with wonderful food and amazing service! We also managed to practice on our A to Z in sign language, with some help from the manager. This is one great concept ably matched by excellent execution! Highly, highly recommended! Team M&M - This is for you-- (Right hand touching chin and moving forward and down) X 100 Your super powers have floored us!
Rated a complete 5/5 rating for Mirchi & Mime...... 1. The concept 2. Honest approach towards execution of the thought of the setup 3. Simplicity 4. Quality 5. Smile on everyone's face rating justified... i dont think anyone will walk away with any sad thoughts from this place... ambiance n feel in this place is so positive and smiling faces around you make your mood also light and you enjoy the tasty food that is served...
Rated Food is very good... Small place but a quick service. Do try the chicken platter with rumali roti. Chicken seek kabab are also very good Do visit this place....
Rated Decent place with awesome food. Starters are pretty good. Being a Punjabi it reminds me of the food eaten in dhabas of punjab. Good service and u should try their Lassi once.
Rated Ordered home delivery, came in 40 mins. Ordered rotis, chicken kadai & chicken biryani. Rotis were soft. Chicken kadai was good, but chicken was a bit undercooked. Chicken biryani was not at all upto the mark. Needs lot of improvement. Ingredients used were of good quality. Quantity was good, considering the price. Since it's a new restaurant, might give another try.
Rated A quaint, sweet little restaurant exuding with confidence - a David amongst Goliaths. The aroma of Punjab beckons you - choose to eat in OR take out, the experience remains unparalleled. If you are looking for a taste of Punjab some thousand kms away, this is your pit stop. The restaurant just grows on you, the right blend of contemporary and ethnic décor. The full glass of lassi is not for the faint hearted (read minuscule appetite). Overall, I find the 5 point scale very limiting to truly quantify my fabulous experience - a culinary delight!!! Must try once - each item on the menu...
Rated Finally after so many years there's a place for great North Indian cuisine. I had ordered half a plate of butter chicken and chicken tikka biryani. The delivery took nearly around 40 - 45 mins but that made up with the quality of food. The owner Mr. Harpal Singh also took feedback about the food and suggested me to try their paranthas for breakfast which I did and to tell you'll what.... Their paneer paranthas are amazing... All in all a great experience would rate it a good 9/10 considering and comparing this with the other North Indian restaurant in the vicinity.... A must try...bon-a-petite
Rated EXCELLENT FOOD, SUPER QUANTITY..VERY CLOSE TO THE TASTE OF THE FOOD I HAVE TASTED IN PUNJAB. A MUST VISIT FOR THE PEOPLE WANT TO TASTE REAL PUNJABI FOOD. I HAVE BEEN THERE 4-5 TIMES AND NO CHANGE IN TASTE AND ABOVE ALL NO COMPROMISE ON QUALITY AND QUANTITY. SUPER...
Rated A place where you get the feeling of Punjab state... Interior is awsome and food delicious... Best food you can ever have.... Try it once for sure
Rated Been a fan of naturals ice cream ever since I had visited it's borivli prem nagar branch.. Been to this dahisar branch just a couple of times.. Ambience here is good, although sitting place is very less..Tried tender coconut waffle and had taken choco bite 1kg parcel.. Both were good..
Rated Nice location...u can park ur car alongside while u pick ur order or even take a bit there itself...the service is good and here u can try for all flavours before u get ur cup....there best flavour is strawberry;tender coconut;sitafal;black grapes
Rated One of the best ice cream sellers. A great way to end your meal with. A variety of flavours. Decent sitting space to gossip over ice cream if you can distract yourself from the mouth watering ice cream. Value for money quality is what you find.
Rated Love Natural's ice creams. My personal favorite is coffee walnut and choco cream. The fruit flavors are good too. I have tried guava and mango. My friends had tried tender coconut, one loved it and the other hated it.
Rated The menu here provides quite a variety in ice creams. We can have fruit centric ice creams both seasonal and non seasonal though. My top picks would be mango and custard ice creams. Apart from it chickoo, papaya-pineapple, tensor coconut seems quite pleasing. Tried all the ice creams here as the outlet is my vicinity and hop on whenever I pass by. Waffle cones is preferable as it provides the much required icing on the cake :D Akshay Shenvi
Rated The best place for naturally flavoured ice creams. The must try ice cream is the tender coconut one, have it once and you won't regret it . Though the rest flavours are good. Its a bit pricy , but you know what, its worth it .
Rated I like the taste of ice-creams, here. As the name suggests, the taste indeed is all natural! I have been to different Natural franchise outlets, since 2002; and this one's no different; i.e. it's good! It's just that this one has no space to sit and enjoy the ice-cream, that's all. Well, there are chairs kept, outside, just in front of the parlour, but that arrangement is not comfortable. So this one resembles a take away counter, really. Other than that, full marks where it matters! Oh, and I also like the seasonal offerings that they bring in. There are always many flavors to choose from, which is great! Just one disappointing footnote- I am not happy with the pricing of a single scoop. Either the price should be reduced, or the scoop should be bigger! At ₹ 50, the scoop looks a lot smaller. I liked the earlier price, at ₹ 40 per scoop. And I think, it should have been made the standard price.
Rated I just love taste and the seasonal flavors they bring in. It's a really good place to hangout with family and friends. Anytime I think I need to have an ice - cream, I cannot think anything beyond Naturals.
Rated Natural Ice cream parlor is a great place to enjoy great ice creams at reasonable costs.This parlor especially holds added advantage over others because of its location and enjoys only ice cream serving place among dozens of fast food and family restaurants. The interiors remains the same.A bright place with capacity of accommodating few people at a time is the biggest disadvantage this place.Apart from the cramped up sitting ,the service is quick.A variety of traditional plus seasonal flavors are available to choose which are made up of only fresh fruit or dry fruit, milk and sugar.Tender coconut,watermelon,choco chips,sitafal remains all time favorites.Having ice cream with waffle cone makes the experience more crunchy and sweet. I suggest if you are having food in nearby areas you should give a miss to the desserts offered there and head to Naturals for some pure ice cream indulgence.
Rated Black currant - a fav. Seating is not good. :(
Rated Giving this CCD 4* rating only because of the hospitality of the service staff and for the cleanliness... It's located near Dahisar station... A peaceful place... Not crowded unlike other CCD's... Decent ambience... More spacious than the borivali CCD... Coffee lovers do give a visit
Rated Nice place to hangout and spend some time over a cup of coffee. The food options are few and most are ok. The potato couch sandwich .... ccd version of vadapav is just taste ok but the burgers are good in taste. Nachos wer pretty nice too.
Rated Recently opened in Dahisar west very near to the Dahisar Station. Cool place to chill out with frnds.Its spacious wid variety of snacks and coffee.
Rated Coffee lovers can olways visit dis place.. Specially who has a lot of work pending can just come up n carry on wid deir work.. Chicken sandwiches are good.. Coffee is okayy.. As I only prefer cold coffee it was good. .
Rated One word : superfantabulouslyfantastical The ice cream cake is amazing !! They have so many flavours which are so tempting yet very delicious ..
Rated Recently opened near Dahisar Kandarpada Link Road is a hit. Always been a fan of Baskin Robbins so couldn't wait to try this outlet too. Tried Cotton Candy and Mississipi Mud flavors. Cotton candy is a must must must try. Soo delicious that the taste lingers on your tongue for quite a sometime.
Rated My first ever visit to the widespread chain of ice cream outlets which has obviously been on my wishlist for a long long time. Visited the dahisar outlet today on a auspicious occasion and boy what a blast we had there! Located alongside few other eateries just before the flyover bridge between east n west of dahisar,this is a small bubbly place with jolly and happy go lucky people packed up for a post dinner late night ice cream punch! :D Entering here,confused with the vast varieties they offer, finally zeroed in to have the Mississippi Mud cone. The ice cream scoop was sumptuous and worth the price. The cone however was fun to watch n eat. Its edges were coated with choco dipped and white chocolate flakes. Awesome :D Taste was blissful. Amazing. Will definitely visit again for sure. Thank you team Baskin n Robbins!! Service: Friendly 4/5 Ambience: 3.5/5 Ice cream selection :4.5/5 Value for money 4/5 Repeat value: 4/5 Akshay Shenvi
Rated Very few McDonald's have been a good experience for me. This outlet has the seating neatly spaced out. But instead of AC, they have fans indoors which is very weird. It does get a little uncomfortable after sitting for a long time. The fries have very few a times been upto the mark. It is either too oily, soggy or soft or too hard. The sauce in the burgers, whichever it be, are either too less making it dry or too much making it slimy. Onions are put like prasad inside - 1 ring only. The service is slow and bad. Waiting time is really long compared to McDonald's standards elsewhere. The staff behind the counter is always joking and fooling amongst themselves even if a customer is in the front waiting to place an order. Well, after all it's McDonald's, so I wouldn't expect much anyway.
Rated so this place is on the link road that takes you to dahisar check naka. I love being here cos i love the location of this place. I love coffee served in McCafe specially the latte. I come here specially for my taste of coffee. The place has ground level and upper level with party section. It gets very crowded on weekends in evenings. During day its peaceful and calm with nice view of cars hustling to and fro the link road.
Rated There is nothing new but only fact about this McDonald's is it is not much crowded! Spacious, well made, on point location. My McDonald rating is 4/5 always Here i would comment only on the Ambience and ya even service is good.
Rated Greetings! After a long and boring travel from Navi Mumbai; I picked up an evening snack for myself and family from this outlet of McDonalds along my way to home. Location: This outlet is at the Dahisar end of the well known Link Road. Its just before the east-west flyover (if you are going east) and is easily spotted. A close by D-Mart is an extra locator just in case. Ambiance: Well, it's not the biggest McDonalds I've been to but its quite big. Lightings were good, AC was working and some mild music could be heard in the background. I guess the ambiance increases once it gets dark outside. Food: Food at all McDonalds is mostly the same. I took some McAloo Tikki burgers with cheese and some French Fries. Burgers were fine, cheese was fresh but I found the Fries underdone, weren't crispy enough. Service: The staff was polite but a little slow. Very few people were sitting meaning less orders but still I had to wait a considerable amount of time. Also they were shy in giving ketchup sachets; you at least need one for each burger. Cost: I don't need to comment on the cost. Its really reasonable. Overall: An okay McDonalds you could try. However I've been to better ones in terms of ambiance and service. If you find this review useful, hit like and don't forget to check out the pics.
Rated The classic McDonald's tag line - m lovin it! Awesome location n seating .. Good ambience .. Where it comes to delivery, they do deliver on time and also call for confirmation. Friendly service ..
Rated Located at the Dahisar Link Road, just before the Dahisar Flyover. Has a multi level sitting, along with a party area. Decent place to hangout with friends here.
Rated This is the place where i use to go every second day with my partner i love his french fries n aloo tikki we use to take this two n spend lot of time on this mcd... If anyone want to go n spend time just to this mcd n have a great meal n time
Rated This place is a pleasant surprise for me as I didn't expect much during my first visit, but believe me it is one of the finest places where you get a delicious lip smacking food. It is one of my fav joint and have been there several times now. Try Chicken cheese kebab there it is not on the menu but if you ask for it they shall serve you. Decently priced. Service can be improved a little, be patient when you go there coz the waiting is worth. You can try Chinese starters too they are yummy. Being my fav, i have also tried thai curries here, and trust me guys, it is absolutely perfect. Very easily accessible from Dahisar Railway Over Bridge. Not very great for veggies. But you can definitely try once as it may please your taste buds.
Rated Small place bt tasty food. Ambient is ok ok because of less space. Dont forget to taste green pudina chutni its awesome. Usually he will give you that chuttni with starters 600/ - 900/- for 2. Taste -9/10 Ambient -6/10. Food Quantity -8/10. Service & Staff behavior-9/10. Value for money -8/10. cleanliness -10/10. Recommend to others -YES✔
Rated A well maintained small resto with both indoor ac n outdoor seating. Sat outside. Nice and comfortable chairs. Staff is friendly eager to serve. Food arrived pretty fast. However, it wasn't delicious. Nothing great. Was ok. Had ordered chilli oyster chickn and stir fried Thai noodles. Oyster chicken was a bit spicy and noodles were very bland. I don't mind non spicy food, but had expected more herb flavour in the noodles. Disappointed, because other reviews had recommended this place for food. :(
Rated Order :- Murgh Tikka Masala and Butter Rumali Roti Service :- Home Delivery came in 30 minutes which is very good. Ratings :- 4/5 Quality :- Murgh Tikka Masala was really awesome and tasty. Butter Rumali Roti was excellent considering the price, quality and size was brilliant. Ratings :- 4/5 Overall :- Excellent food and great home delivery service. Ratings :- 4/5
Rated So me with my gang had decided one day to go to a popular restraunt .. But as it was Sunday n too much of crowd... We ended up visiting this place... And to my surprise.. It is too good! Food is served Hot and yummy! Soups can be a bit more better.. But the rest is good... I would definitely recommend one visit to this place.
Rated They have less options for vegetarian food,but few things which I ordered were really gud,the best part was ,nothing was overdone..the taste of the food was subtle which I loved:)..Would definitely recommend if food is ordered wisely:)
Rated Amazing stuff. The oriental is way better than the Indian. But the only issue is that most of the orienral gravies taste similar . The stir fry chicken in xo sauce noodles are yummy. Should have this one when you go to tendulkars.
Rated Have ordered from this place twice but the food quality doesn't seem to be great. The indian tandoor starters are the only good option to go for here compared to the main course which has excess oil and lacks in taste. Another minus point is that they dont serve naan or roti they just have options of rumali roti and paratha which are really very thick or undercooked.
Rated Tried this place about two three months back, they had a outside sitting arrangement as AC section was full. The place is quite small. Order Prawns butter garlic which was bit gravish and was ok in taste. In veg ordered a veg kofta with rotis which was again okish. Overall not worth .
Rated It's my fave Chinese restaurant in the area. They have an amazing quick delivery, hot and tasty food. The quality and the quantity is very good and within budget. I love their food and service. I have never eaten in the restaurant, I always had my food delivered and have never been disappointed.
Rated We called for food at home and the delivery was very quick. Ordered for a chicken crispy and two treasure chicken fried rice. We loved the food. The quantity and quality of the food was very nice. This ones definitely going on our take away list.
Rated Came across this restaurant accidentally and I must say very much fortunately. It is a simple small, quiet restaurant and I wonder why not frequented by people, guess it is still not that popular. I have visited it twice and its awesome. Food Delivered quickly . We tried Chicken Manchow Soup and Chicken Triple Schezwan Fried Rice which were too good. Restaurant is very neat and clean with best services and reasonable rates. When in borivali or Dahisar , this is the chinese restaurant you must visit .
Rated Schezwan Chicken fried rice and chicken hongkong noodles are okay....... chicken lolypop is nice... schezwan sauce is tasty ......its a small place... so it should be ordered at home preferably...
Rated It is a very tiny shop, not much popular(which actually makes me think why so?). they are extremly quick in deliverying food. their chinese is really good. try cantonese noodles, honkong noodles,singapore noodles,manchow soup,chicken stew(must have), schezwan chicken friedrice, manchurian rice! quantity is sufficient for the price they charge. they also serve thai. do try this place-its worth it.
Rated Undoubtedly my most favorite Chinese place in mumbai... A friend introduced me to this restaurant.. And I haven't looked back ever since... I have been to over 50 Chinese places in all mumbai.. But this resto definitely tops my charts.. The chicken lollypop is simply great.. The fried rice is just sublime... Whenever I'm in dahisar... It's kinda mandatory for me to order from Chinese hut
Rated This is a very small place ...good for home delivey ... Prompt service and some good Chinese food ...try it
Rated I have ordered food a number of times from here, the taste and service have been consistently great. The Fish Pulimunchi tastes delicious, has the right amount of spiciness and tanginess and is a must have. I would recommend the Burnt Chilly Garlic Fried Rice and Prawns in Burnt Chilly Ginger sauce as well. The place also gives the option of paying with Card on delivery which can be requested at the time of placing the order.
Rated The good food restaurant! I have ordered food from here, the food is absolutely delicious. I ordered for Indian nonveg, but i think chinese would be more better from here. So, suffice your taste buds here!
Rated Small outlet in kandarpada dahisar. Known for its Chinese & seafood .We had ordered cheese tossed in barbeque sauce for starters as suggested by the manager which happened to be just perfect.For main course we ordered Chopper rice ~ Rice mixed with chopped vegetables and topped with grated panner served with medium spicy gravy on it. The portions were large..The menu being quite extensive would definitely love to visit again for their other dishes The service was the taking point of the day. Good place to have food as its tasty & economical on pocket.
Rated Late Saturday nights.... One should make it synonymous to not only party times but also means to ensure the entire next week is full of fun. So was here recently with a really good and close friend of mine and had wonderful dining experience as well as time spent discussing how fun lives ahead will be. Reached here around 11 and the AC section was packed so had to adjust in the non AC section which is not bad either. Placed an order for chicken manchow soup and to be served one by two. Usual dry noodles and schezwan sauces were the accomplices along with the salt pepper and tissue being the general table set ups. Also the service was good along with the ambience. Water being poured at regular intervals and friendly staff were signs of how small things were being considered. The soup was OK. But warm and fresh which lifted up spirits. Service: 4/5 Ambience 3.5/5 Soup: 3.5/5 Value for money:4/5 Repeat value 4/5 Akshay Shenvi Cheers!!!
Rated Small outlet in kandarpanda the place is not that clean n staff are not good i ordered malaysian thai noodles and burnt chilly fried rice the taste was good
Rated Red chillies is simple lookin small hotel in khandarpada for indo chinese food. Hungry stomach made me step into dis place ...which was totaly empty in the aftrn. Odered a chopper rice which was combination of fried rice n thick gravy along wt infused veggies .... was nice in taste and good quantity wise too. The paneer starter was also nice.
Rated First online order and it was here from Red Chillies. Quickly confirmed the order. Service :- Doorstep service came in under 30 minutes, which is very quick! Ratings :- 4/5 Quality :- Veg. Kolhapuri was average not that good. Tawa Pulav really good, loved it. Ratings :- 3/5 Overall :- Nice online ordering experience here, food was also good and service was also awesome. Ratings :- 3.5/5
Rated It's a place where I usually order my food from. Haven't been there ever though. The staff is quite friendly even while taking the order so it's a good first impression. The food takes the centre stage and they don't disappoint here as well. Their innovative menu gives u loads of options. Have tried almost all. Must try: chicken lollipop and burnt chilly garlic rice
Rated This place is quite inside but we thought let's just try it . It's a very small place . We ordered manchow soup , lasooni chicken and butter naan. The service is very slow .we were the only people there and still it took them 30 minutes to get naan. The soup was okay The lasooni chicken wasn't great not great by quantity too . The naan was not great either . Very average place.
Rated This is the old restaurasnt in the dahisar at kandarpada in the west, they serve the panjabi and chinese cuisines out here, i love the sizzling chicken with rice and i also love their punjabi food stuff, good one
Rated nice ambience, good options on the menu but the taste and experience varies drastically. If the dish that you order turns out good then fine or else turns out to be disappointing. Biryanis are very nice here.
Rated Had been to dis place fr my friends bday four of us ordered chicken n naans by watching d size of a single naan I was shocked it was dt small not worth d price.. Bt at d end wen d dessert rushed our table I was pleasantly happy with d taste of d hot chocolate mud cake wid vanilla ice cream.. Yumm n mouth watering.. Bt d complimentary Plate of custard jus ruined my taste of d mud cake.. Custard was burnt n pathetic in taste neva tke d complimentary dessert here.. Bt as it was a bday party v enjoyed clicking piccas n good service indeed..
Rated Masterchef may not 'wow' you with its food but it does definitely provide a good dining experience. As you step into the place, the interior and decors make a really good impression on you. The place is fairly spacious and seating is well adjusted and not cramped up. Food is expensive considering the portions they serve. We loved the Corn Broccoli Soup and the Paneer starters (very well marinated). Very...very slow service though. Had to request them a couple of times before they got another bottle of water (beat that!) and they forgot serving the extra Roti we ordered. The Paneer veg we ordered was good. The Dal Makhni was a bit tangy for my liking. The Mud cake with Vanilla ice cream was good. I hope this was just a bad day in office for them so far as the service is concerned. Giving them the benefit of doubt as we were 16 of us! Overall happy that we spent quality time here with our family!
Rated Royal Masterchef is a pure Fine Dine restaurant but the sad part is here. They don't serve liquor. Menu is overly priced but quality & taste is good. Best part of this restaurant is that they have a wide variety of cuisines - Punjabi, Lucknowi, Chinese, Japanese, Thai, Italian, Continental, Lebanese, Mexican. Ambience is pretty good. Staff was courteous. Tried Crabmeat Soup, Chicken Chatpata, Mumtazi Paneer Tikka, Chicken in Oyster Sauce, Burnt Chilly Garlic Chicken Rice. All the items were simply superb.
Rated Superb multi cuisine restaurant located at a slightly far off place from the city suburb. Excellent ambience, well plated and well cooked food. Perfect place to hangout or to go out on a date. This place can be a bit chaotic when it is fully occupied which is usually on Sundays. The service is a bit on slower side however, the courteous staff makes up for the overall service experience.
Rated We wouldn't have expected this kind of a restaurant in a far away suburb like Dahisar!! Pleasantly surprised. Good ambience. Nice seating which is pretty spacious. Good taste of food And good service.
Rated Celebrated post Valentines here, and it had a super romantic charm. The candle lit table pieces, courteous staff, soft bollywood music( i'd prefer english still..) all came together perfectly for a great experience. The food right from d Laksa soup, fish in black bean sauce and tai chin chicken were some great choices to relish on. A definite thumbsup for a dinner date. No complaints watsoever!!
Rated It looked like a really fine dine from outside however inside ambience doesn't give you that feel, menu is good and attempting to bring lot of cuisine together, we went for Indian, food was good however according to the location the food is expensive also waiter is pushy on guests trying new dish!
Rated Good place for dining with family.. Everyone from my family enjoyed it.. Good food with very good services.. Starters are well prepared (do try crab meat soup). Ambiance is very good (rich look). They also have a banquet which can accommodate close to 250 people..
Rated Long time due of my review but just waiting for a month to finish...i was in search for tiffin from long time but never taut i will get ghar ka khana in my regular tiffin...#ishafoodcourt u make such a delicious food and none of ur tiffin dishes r repeated...i wud name few which i love it..pav bhaji, gatte ka pulav, sev tomato, , dal bhatti, Rajma, moong bhaji, thepla...countless dishes ...Yes ,how can i forget COCONUT SNOW BALL whch was mouth watering...SHEERA,GAZAR KA HALWA..etc etc etc no doubt ur each dishes is HEALTHY and NUTRITIOUS.no body has given me so many varities in my tiffin yet...and #ishafoodcourt u pple make my day by giving me surprises of my fav food♡♡...Ur food remind me of my #mom ♡♡♡. Ur regular food and special food m l♡ve with both... I would definetly recommend my special friends to enjoy ur food once..
Rated Too good food. No words to tell. Feels like home food. As the name goes.. Ghar ka khana. Too good monicaji .....aapke hatho mein jaadu hai. Meri taraf se aapke liye sirf ek shabd.."Annapurna " Aapke ke liye jitna leekhu kam hai. Thank you
Rated starIt's good quality food for kids & family Kids it was happy with Tiffan food so I'm happy with her smile Real home made Ghar ka Khana. best ever i tasted in Mumbai..
Rated great food, feels like mummy ka magic...............yummy......delicious.......... what more to say, simply amazing...go get a try out... :)
Rated wonderful food and taste.. no worries for tiffiin .Thank you so much for this initiative ... loved it .. looking forward for more lovely dishes
Rated Thank you Monica, Nice dishes..i love the food quality and taste. feeling of home made Service is the best and moreover your nature, Thanks once again :-)
Rated Amazing ghar ka khana type food.....just love the dal batti and amritsari kofta .....must try ....on time delivery...full time quality...keep it up !
Rated Thank you Isha, Its really nice to have your service. tried several Tiffin Services in past. but really its the best.. keep up your taste rich in future. Thank you...
Rated Thank you Isha for your Delicious Food & Service. i prefer Best tiffin Service in Mumbai. hope you serve and maintain your best onwards. Best of luck.
Rated Was here for dinner yesterday... We called for murg bagan tandoori half which was spinach marinated n finished in tandoor.. was Ok nothing great.. Second item was kori chicken.. in Which crisp Roti was served with chicken curry.. Quantity was huge more then enough for 2 But taste was nothing great again an average dish.. But waiting time was disgusting.. it took 1hr 20mins for only two dishes.. even though it wasn't crowded.. not visiting again...👎
Rated Had been here with our family friends. We were a group of six. This place is NOT THAT HUGE, but the food definately wont disappoint your tastebuds. We started with light starters like Masala Papad and soft drinks. We went on ordering Chicken Afghani, Chicken Achari, Chicken Reshmi Kebabs. Although, the showstopper was KORI ROTI. It was an authentic manglorian chicken curry with a crispy papad like thin roti which is accompanied with the kori. RECOMMENDED.
Rated West coast is restaurant and bar in dahisar link rd area. West coast is known for its non veg food. Chicken manchow soup, lollipop and chicken crispy starters was good. In main course had roti and chicken patiyala which had chicken wrapped in omlette with spinach and tomato gravy.. Was good.. Not preferred for veg dine. Tasted a Paneer dish but found it ok. Overall good for non veg eaters and drinkers. Ambience here is good.
Rated We went for a family dinner. Being Mangaloreans we liked their Mangalorean stuff. Kori rassa, appa, chicken sukkha was good. My favourite was tandoori Promphet. All healthy all good all tasty. No harm trying once. Ambience- regular family dinning place Service- fast Money- Not much expensive.
Rated This place is not a lavish one but neatly place and well furnished inside....situated on the junction of dahisar flyover...we wanted to have fish and found this place on zomato....the food is really good....not that highly priced ...the fried fish we tried of 2 varieties both was delicious and spicy.... and the fish was fresh .. then for main course we ordered pomfret in mouli gravy....it was a yellow coconut gravy with curry leaves tadka... overall the experience was good...the place is friendly on pockets and food if u want to try fish items!!
Rated A great place to chill with fly and friends. Ordered the Sea food platter and it was super tasty. For the main course we ordered the Mangalorean Chicken Handi with squid chilly, neer dosa and super fluffy appams. Finished off the meal with a refreshing lime soda..... !!! <(@^@)> #FoodieDelight
Rated A nice place for mallu food! Enjoyed the malabari fish curry with steamed rice. The coastal vada's are nice too. But the fried surmai lacked taste. Service was great! Ambience was a very beachy\coastal type feeling! They have onam sadya coming soon! Can't wait to try the king size sadya :)
Rated Top points for this place ... It's a haven for a seafood fan The food is delicious The service is top notch Definitely gonna be back .... Fresh sea food cooked to its best
Rated Lovely ambience. Priced high compared to area where it is situated. But the best part i loved is kerala style palappam n Paratha which is as per me not available in any restaurant across borivli.
Rated Deepa is perfect name for dance bar girls those who are looking for dance bar can go n enjoy here there u ll ger something interesting which cannot b describe here i hope till now u guys have been understood what i m trying to say so enjoy ur drinks here😂
Rated After multiple visits i realised the place is so popular not only for locals but also for the people who are not based in dahisar. This place is bang opposite to dahisar station & since its the name board is so visible you cant just miss it LOL Place serves reasonable liquor & food with a efficient fast services. Ground floor is typical bar which is always crowded round the clock. & First floor is restaurant family dining section. Food quality & Quantity is good. Tried Biryani several time the taste was just same which was good. they do have good delivery radius.
Rated Deepa is a family bar and restaurant located bang opposite dahisar station. They have a huge place and are divided in 4 sections. The food here is suprisingly good, especially the non veg platter and the chinese cuisine. Service is quick and the ambience is typical bar type. But the family section is quite decent to have a meal with loved ones.
Rated Not a good restaurant. It's right opposite dahisar station. Service and food quality is also not good, shabby place the utensils are also not cleaned.
Rated This place is quite good enough for family. This is much better than first deepa, I love the lollipop. Service is fast , and quality is also good.
Rated Deepa is famous as a bar...but they have a separate section for family dinning...they have a very good range of food...staff is curtious...food is tasty specially there starters in chiken..nt sure about veg as never had veg food here..but nice non veg food at very affordable rates
Rated Been here only once... Okay place for guys to hang out... Looks really nice from the outside... Has an okayish ambience nothing great... Probably good for a onetime visit... Located at the right spot opposite the station... Can grab a few drinks and rush home by train... Service is slow.. Food is okay
Rated A normal family restaurant ambience is normal and the food is ok. Very pocket friendly with good food. Do order chiken tikka biryani it is yummm !
Rated This is the oldest restaurant in dahisar. I ordered the food home so I don't know about the interiors or staff , but the delivery was quite fast . I ordered manchow soup which was good. Chicken biryani that was really tasty but very less quantity .
Rated This restaurant is in dahisar, just opposite the dahisar railway station in the west, and is the oldest, its a bar cum restaurant, i college we sat here many time and i was like to sit in the open area behind the restaurant i, i like all the food stuff out here, those days before the renovation of this restaurant i liked their murg mussallam very much, Nice Place Hell Yeah
Rated This place is very good and those who are looking to spend time with ur minimum budget go here n have a great happy hours love buddies its superb place
Rated Food was good but not as much delicious as I thought, though it's fine if you want to enjoy something different at home. They have good combo offers.
Rated Was passing by and suddenly entered this place... Wasn't expecting it to be a pure vegetarian place... My friend was happy as he was a pure vegetarian... We ordered a trio pizza and a zesty cheese burst... The cheese burst was amazing... Cheese was dripping down the pizza... Ambience was decent... Food was amazing... 2 pizza and 2 soft drink for ₹409 was quite decent... Service was also quick.. Got our order within 10minutes... The cold drink was chilled... Felt like I had a coca gola rather than a coca cola... A cheap an amazing place for vegetarians
Rated Cheelizza is a tiny outlet which serves pizza, pasta, sandwiches n many thngs more at very reasonable rates. The pizzas are very soft, cheesy and tasty. The go green 6inch pizza was very good in taste and economical too but was little disappointed with pasta which was bit nt cooked properly.
Rated This Cheelizza is located right at the upcoming food hub of Dahisar. And they've a delightful variety of pizzas. I love their toastadas, especially the Chilly Milli and Tandoori Delight. Super easy on the pocket and super food, this one's definitely value for money. Go for it!
Rated Ambiance is really good. We often hang out with friends and family and have a great time. Food is yummy and is available at reasonable prices. Good service.
Rated Being a hardcore non vegetarian I always refrained from trying vegetarian outlets. But for my friend's treat I went to this outlet and the quality of Cheelizza Pizza astonished me. We went on Wednesday so on ordering a large 9 inch Tikka tikka pizza we got 6 inch Mexican Delight pizza free for just Rs.350/- (Free pizza is of your choice too!!) The owner of this outlet is very friendly and knows his business well. The seating is quite uncomfortable but the service is great with people-friendly stewards serving you. A great place for vegetarians, I must say!
Rated Well, I didn't go here but I ordered a pizza. Order : Spinagglio Service : The Home Delivery Service was quick and came in 30 minutes although the person on call told me it would take 45 minutes. Ratings : 4/5 Quality : Spinagglio tasted awesome and really spicy and hot! Awesome pizza! Ratings : 4/5 Overall : You should definitely try it out from here once! Ratings : 4/5
Rated My first online experience through zomato! And it was good. Ordered prawns Biryani. Price wise it's too good to be true. However, prawns could have been cooked properly! I steamed it again in my cooker!! Malwani Masala was amazing. Very friendly service. This outlet has a lot of scope to improve though....well look fwd to more Tastydishes
Rated Good food with reasonable price and good quantity .Place is very small but food was very delicious.Better to order at home. Delivery is very fast.
Rated Best place if you like to experiment with your food....mr gawde lets you modify your food as per your taste and choice. :-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-)
Rated This place is only for home delivery , it has place to sit but it's better if you order for delivery . They are very fast . I have tried soup and chopper rice . The chopper rice is a must try . Soup is okay not great . Chopper rice 5/5. And quantity is good too .
Rated Food is delicious ....the nature of employees is quite down to earth .... menu rates are quite affordable with good taste... ambience is small chinese restaurant type...
Rated I would like to compliment the owner's hospitality..Definitely tasty food at proper price..but service is slow..must be little faster in providing the ordered food..Go for non veg if you are here.. Tandoori is worth eating
Rated Ben's cafe is a small food court in dahisar. Foods are ok (have heard from many that non veg Burger are good - will suggest people to try it out). Its a small food court so its better that you ask for take aways as the waiting time for the food to come to your table is more.
Rated It's other one of those establishments whose main target is the nearby vicinitys populace. The thing about such places is that they can be diamonds in the rough. Unfortunately this didn't seem like that place we ordered Burger , French fries with bacon and ham bits and Sarapotal with Pav (excuse if there is a spelling mistake). Now the staff is cordial and all. Food though is just 'okay'. I ordered the ham bacon burger which was just alright , the fries were plain bland and soggy we asked for salt how much ever you put it wasn't enough. The silver lining was the sarapotal I really liked it I enjoyed having it but that was my first time trying the Kokan delicacy. Maybe it was just an off day for the place might try it again to try other menu items. Hopeful, since I have heard good things about the place from friends Cheers Thank you for reading :)
Rated Pork, Beef, Salami, Chicken they have it all. A typical Goan restaurant n every Catholics delight. In terms of space this restaurant is small.. I've been there twice and for their English Breakfast. There are no restaurants around the vicinity serving English breakfast. So I was happy to kno Ben's does. They have an extensive menu which includes burgers, roast chilly, main course meals etc Their English breakfast comes with Fried eggs, four to five pieces of salami 😁 2 sausages, mashed potatoes, veggies, toasted white bread n tea/coffee. It's a complete king size breakfast. Pretty good n worth it. On our second visit in addition to the above we called for French omelette- included a lot of veggies but didn't taste all that great. Cold coffee was pathetic! My friends have tried their beef n pork burgers n speak highly of it. I'm yet to explore their menu. Overall it's good to have a restaurant serving typical catholic Goan food.
Rated Anytime you crave for a burger make sure you visit this place order super burger. One of the best burger I have had till date in mumbai. Chicken shawarma and peri peri chicken was good too. A very small joint and mostly people take away from here. Menu is quite diverse and interesting, so still need to try many dishes.
Rated Omg finally a restaurant that emphasis on non veg more than veg.. Awesome food.. Not too heavy on pockets.. I tried a spicy Chicken pizza here and it was soooo delicious stuffed with chicken cheese and chillies ofcourse...
Rated Okay... so ben's cafe I love their veg alfredo pasta and cheese garlic bread and v also tried the blueberry cheese cake which was okayish...
Rated Been here on a weekday afternoon A small establishment with focus on take aways as there were only 3-4 tables for seating. Started with chicken Bbq wings which had good 6 pieces and very well made. And then tried Chicken Keema Pav The chicken was well cooked and was very tasteful. A total value for money restaurant.
Rated This place is at stone throw distance from Whr I live...had heard the burger here is better than that of a Mc Donald's..... We had just been there to have one. We ordered a single burger aa were on diet and the Moment I finished one we could not resist ordering the same again. It Truely was one of the best burgers I have had... The place is small but if ur looking for some good burgers this is the place to be.... Would keep hopping in when I get time next to try something else from ur menu
Rated If you're low on cash and craving for good food, this is a place to be. Cheesy fries and hot chicken wings were great! Staff is good. Good value for money.
Rated This outlet has just been open recently.. From snacks like vadas, samousa etc to missal, ussal and lunch dishes of puri bhaji to sweet dish gulab jamun.. Everything is available here.. Took a parcel of samousa and vadas which was freshly fried in front of me and tasted well when I had it.. Also took gulab jamun which also was good.. Would certainly like to try their misal, ussal, breakfast and lunch items.. Could be tried and tasted if you want a quick bite..
Rated Amazing lunch. Also awesome for quick bites. Kothimbir vadi(coriander fritters) are a must try. Also gulab jamun as a dessert is delicious. Overall superb place to hangout with family and friends!
Rated I have eaten here many many times, definitely a must visit place if you want to have pocket friendly chicken kebabs. Their mix chicken kebab platter should be in your list if you haven't visited it yet. No place for sitting but you can park your vehicles and eat in it. So, if you want to sit and have these kebabs and other dishes then I won't recommend this place. Overall a nice food joint in vicinity.
Rated Amazing food Very soft chicken and good for health even the man is very friendly and gives great hospitality I go here quite often with my son we both live it yummy food
Rated I HATE THIS FOOD & I HATE EVERYTHING HERE!!! Dats wat ........my veggie friend thought as we came in late in da night and this place ran out of veggie delights. But boy oh boy !!! We're we non-veggie on a treat here. For the price we had a mouth full, awesome flavour and awesome taste and dis place is for ppl who stay on dis side of Mumbai and crave for the best tikkas n kababs in town and I guarantee u will be wowed!!!. The owner is very welcoming . An ultimate treat at this place, have to say and will come back for more.
Rated The all time favourite bhuna chicken and rumali roti was tired over here and i must say I'm impressed.....it was a great deal and worth every penny!! The taste was fantastic but the rumali was little burnt but the grill tandoor lollypop was just awesome and tempting...rest all were good.....to have you guys close to my house is like pure heaven.....soon will be up with the kebabs when i try them😁
Rated Must visit place for chicken lovers. There is no place to sit n eat. You have to take away or eat in ur car. Among the starters, kalmi (kalimiri) kebab and chicken tikka were good. The owner recommended chicken bhuna and rumali roti, which was yumm! Chicken tava pulao was delicious too!! Both quality and quantity were good, considering the price. Total paisa wasool place for chicken lovers. 👍🏻: easy on the pocket & delicious food! 👎🏻: no home delivery.
Rated Take away... drive in sort of a restaurant. Food is great and also good value for money.. been here 4-5 times in the past 3 months.... finally a good place for kebabs nearby..
Rated Its like an everyday spot for chicken lovers. Menu is decent but the food itself is amazing. I personally like this place for its food and its location. Outlet is quite small but that would be knit picking. Price is reasonable considering the quality of food they serve. The wall hanging of chicken pieces was a good move. Hope they add mutton and sea food menu soon. All in all a great place. I guarantee that you would not visit this place just once.
Rated Best place for authentic chicken lovers. Tried all the dishes and surely double thumbs-up for this small yet great chickn joint. Try the special chicken kali-miri tangdi, its really amazing.
Rated this is the worst restauranti have ever beeen to in mumbai ... the only thing great they have is their name. the quantity of mutton ordered was not even sufficient for one person. and i reallly dont want to say how upset my stomach went after eating that tastelesss shitttt. pls dont ho for its name its not even worth a single pennnny.
Rated Awesome place for chicken lovers..... Very friendly for our wallets..... Best place to have chicken .... Banne miya's first aim is customer satisfaction
Rated Nice place to eat snacks. Had masala dosa n fresh lime soda. Sambhar tasted nice. Need to try Mango ice-cream n Malai kulfi here. Must visit place.
Rated This is a pure vegetarian restaurant located nearby my house.You get awsome south indian food here like medu vada,idli,dosa etc.Must try Paneer butter masala with butter chapati.Very tasty food.A good family restaurant.
Rated Always heard about this place from friends but never thought of visiting. But a week back few of my relatives wanted to have some veg snack and that was the only decent restaurant available. We ordered Rava masala dosa, medu wada and paav bhaaji. Medu wada and dosa were how they are supposed to be, proper south Indian style. Then i had paav bhaaji. And i realized how wrong i was about this restaurant. Their paav bhaaji is one of the best I've ever had. Taste is just perfect, nothing more nothing less. I was head over heals with that paav bhaaji. Haven't had a proper meal here but I'd highly recommend this place for paav bhaaji. By far best in that area. Place is a little small though. But i believe they also arrange tables outside in the evening.
Rated Shagun is a decent vegetarian restaurant in dahisar. Food qualitu is average and Indian cuisine, gravies are a good option to have here. Their south Indian breakfast or thali is also preferred. Service is quick and the place is hygienic.
Rated Its really a very decent restaurant. Serves veg but yes food is really upto the mark and good service as well. I thik once in a blue moon you should try veg as well 😉
Rated This was the place when i had gone with my friend i didnt knew any restro but the food was good services was also good and it's affordable price so guys n gals if u want nearby restro u can go this shagun n have ur dine or lunch
Rated One of the oldest places here. Being a "Pure Non-Vegetarian", it takes a lot for me to like a vegetarian restaurant.. Poor ambiance, and the place feels a bit unhygienic. Cleanliness can surely be improved here. Serves decent pav bhaji, as well as Jeera Rice and Dal Fry.
Rated Not what I would prefer being a non vegetarian... But love the medu vada they serve... A decent place to go for breakfast.... Service is quite good
Rated This is an ok place vegetarians. A proper veg restaurant closest from where I live. Love the tea and idli sambar here. They serve good dal khichadi as well.
Rated One of the first ever family restaurants that as far as I remember I visited during my childhood. As I used to live in dahisar earlier,our dinner spot used to be Shagun for reasons I shall state below. First of all I am tad bit disappointed with the ratings of Shagun on Zomato because I feel that in an area like navagaon(as the locals call it), the only thing then lacking was a neat decent family restaurant. I am a meat lover and Shagun is a pure vegetarian restaurant but still it had enough impact on me. The location is good and interiors moderately well done. There is an option for foodies to dine in an air conditioned or non AC rooms. AC being preferable any day. The service is good with the staff and waiters being friendly and kind enough to tell us the speciality amongst their delicacies for the day. Tried out their all their varieties in pav bhaji which is great any day any time of the year. Mushroom and khada pav bhajis in particular. Paneer dishes like palak Paneer and Paneer makhanwala are simply amazing and well made. Masala dosas too are quite fine in fact better than I expected the first time of my visit. Roti's are great. Dig in any Punjabi Paneer dish and have tandoori Roti's for a great blend of taste in your mouth. Very pleasant and palatable. Food 4/5 Service 3.5/5 Ambience 3.5/5 Value for money 4/5 Recommended if happen to dine in around here!! Cheers! Simone Chhabda
Rated Superlike cup cakes......superlike cakes....super fresh and yummmy cream.... You must visit this place...its very close to dahisar flyover .
Rated Had heard a lot about this cake shop in dahisar link road, so wanted to try it from long. The ambience was here was very good. They had a lot of different variety of cakes like Belgian dark chocolate, rich chocolate, flaky chocolate, mousse cake etc. Ordered rich chocolate which was really good containing rich dark chocolate. The cup cakes here also looked good. A bit expensive but certainly worth it..
Rated Had ordered a blueberry fruitcake, also got the look customized as per my choice, the cake was really fresh and all my friends loved it. Also got the cupcakes customized wid bday msgs. Very nicely done Shraddha.
Rated I had ordered this cake named 'Flaky Chocolate' on my sis's bday and she loved this cake..every year we use to have black forest from monginis as its one of the best cakes from their menu but after trying flaky chocolate i have to say that its superb 👍🏻 today its my birthday and its gona be a TWC cake again 😍
Rated Awesome cakes... Ordered twice and not disappointed at all. The fresh out of the oven Belgium Dark Chocolate was heavenly!! That one is a must try.
Rated You would never know when you buy one cupcake and end up tasting each variety. Red velvet is just awesome. It simply melts in the mouth. If you are a chocolate person, just blindly go for Flaky Chocolate. Those mischievious choco flakes on top are too difficult to resist. Rich chocolate gives an amazingly smooth finish.... It is a lot more than just a cake shop and one can notice the moment you step inside. Brownies are so delicious, you can actually sit with an entire tub of it. Egg-less is a good thing but if you ask for non-egg-less, they customize it nicely as per our requirement.
Rated Yammi...............licious taste, my favorate is Belgium Dark chocolate, tried even cheese cake and some other cakes as well and I simply loved the taste especially the soft texture.
Rated Super awesome cakes.. Ferrero Rotcher cake is a must try if you come here..
Rated Nice place to visit if u want agri style food Food 4.5 out of 5 Service 4 out of 5 Value for money 4 out of 5 Recommend vajri masala with bhakari, Bombay duck fry, mutton biryani Overall nice place to visit wih friends
Rated Yes it does look like a cheap bar from the outside. Specially being in a locality like IC Colony, it doesn't make any heads turn but the food here is delicious. Ambiance is not so good. Food is awesome. Staff is good too. My personal favorites are Chicken Potta and Liver Masala dish that is the signature dish over here and Prawns Tava Fry. People who like spicy food, this is the place for you. Even drinks are comparatively cheap and food quality is nice. Must try for the Friday night Treats. Overall superb experience.
Rated Good chinese food. Crispy chicken is a favourite.
Rated Very nice food. Quick service. A restaurant u must visit.
Rated The egg masala fry and mutton kheema is the best food you can munch here :)) enjoy.
Rated My usual place of chillin out with friends.. Cool, quiet n nice place to hang around..! Worth the fun.. good food n good experience.. always..
Rated They serve delicious Indian food however chinese is not upto the mark. Majorly known as a famous bar and not a family restaurant.
Rated My personal favourite Black Forest cake... Let any other pastry outlet come up... There can't be anyone who can make a Black Forest cake like the monginis... I have been ordering cakes from here since childhood...
Rated My friend had ordered snack items for us on Christmas day.The delivery was made on time and with proper packaging of veg n and non veg items separately. The food items turned out to be of very inferior quality. The Samosas were big in size but hardly had any stuffing in it.It was very clear that they were not fresh and have been oven heated and send to us.Even the veg patties missed the crisp and fresh stuffings in it.It the outer thick layer was way too Dry.In the end the food items were left out after having few bites. This issue is being faced at almost all the outlets of monginis where the food is available as packaged food and not freshly prepared.They definitely need to work on food section. Can't comment on the other things as the food was home delivered to us.
Rated Try out the celery chicken soup and the fish preparations! A pretty good place to visit with friends or family! Ambience is nice in the ac section and its an awesome place to chill out! :)
Rated Recommended by my in laws. They love the chicken preparation here Ambiance not so great. Service is quick. Even though it was Sunday n super busy our food was served quickly. Food yes quality was good both the chicken dishes were awesome. I loved the rotis they were so so soft. Overall a good meal.
Rated Very good place for Punjabi and Chinese. Have heard their non veg is brilliant...have ordered food home a couple of times also...a little in the interiors but round the corner for us a good place to have good food
Rated Visited this restro on a weekday. The outside seating was buzzing with many customers but d ac seating was completely empty. The service was good and timely. The celery soup was an absolute delight. Followed by some yum fish in red pepper sauce. The chicken shashlik sizzler was missing d regular mash potatoes and the quantity of chicken wasn't good enuf.
Rated Service is Super slow. We went there when there was some renovation work going on. The drinking water had cement particles in it. AC wasn't working. The staff was courteous but that was about it. Food was good. Overall an OK PLACE. May be I'll revisit it again later. Just to see how it is when not undergoing a renovation ☺
Rated Really enjoyed the food served here. A good place to dine in with your family. Good quality service and a very good quality food........ Highly recommended for people who enjoy fooding.
Rated Good atmosphere captian and waiters r very jolly i have went here first time i enjoyed it a lot food is good so i would suggest u guys n gals go here onces and can review by ur own... Thanks
Rated It is one of my favourite hangout with friends. It's reasonably priced good food and good ambience. It's located little interior but it is still a place to go for
Rated This place is a bit difficult to locate.The place is huge and has various section.The restaurant has tables for 4 people only so that's a bit disappointing.If you are not in the multiple of 4 then the extra people needs to be adjusted.The crowd is flowing into this place on weekends.Coming to food,the soups are good.i would recommend to try the mixed seafood soup.The starters are not that great quantity wise.The Lamba boneless chicken starter was good.Chicken Handi is a must try.The Chicken Hyderabadi Biryani was also nice but Normal Chicken Biryani was better.The ambience of the place is okay.There was a leakage in the restaurant which was a bit disappointing.The management needs to look into such matters.The food items are properly priced but the alcohol menu is overpriced.The Service provided here is horrible.The staff is confused and have no idea of the dishes.The normal dishes also takes a long time to arrive.No proper service is provided regarding regular things like water,tissues etc.Overall I would suggest this is not a great place to visit on weekends.
Rated Love this place. So healthy and tasty. What all you should order? Paneer tikka, hara bhara kabab, veg shaami and vege delite. I also like their cheese toasties and double choco chips. I dont like their new sub which spicy beans which is not spicy but too sour.
Rated Best stafff best taste best quality and no other subway can beat this one always gooo to subways but this joint is a class apart from others.
Rated Been visiting this place from long time! Somehow I like the this particular location. I always end up sitting at same corner table LOL This subway is located beside McDonald at end of the Link Road. Being the chain store interior & menu hospitality is same. Staff is well trained & just made my salad just the way I like to eat. This place always be crowded especially in the evening after 8pm. They give delivery also but I prefer to visit the location always My favourite subs/salad: Chicken teriyaki Italian BMT Veggie delight salad Corn & peas Chicken teriyaki salad My favourite sauce combo : Southwest & Mayo with dash of mustard My fav bread choices : Multigrain
Rated Greetings! Recently visited this outlet of Subway with my friends for lunch. Here's something about my experience. Location: This Subway is on the Dahisar Link Road. It's fairly easy to spot. Also, it's right besides a McDonalds. Ambiance: The outlet is a medium sized one having 8-10 tables arranged. The furniture is okay and ceiling was decorated with hangings. Lightings were not required during the day, thanks to the glass doors. A catchy music played in the background. Food: Considering the brand image, the food was nothing but average. I had two Subs: Paneer Tikka Sub and Western Egg and Cheese Sub. The paneer in the Paneer Tikka Sub was a little weird; it tasted too milky and was crumbly in texture. The Western Egg and Cheese Sub was better, but the raw eggy smell overpowered the cheese. Also, they'd run out of Coke/Pepsi and had to settle for Fanta. Positively, their breads were fresh and flavourful. Sauces were good too. Service: Slow. The staff appeared inexperienced and kept on repeating the order. Also they couldn't take the order at once (7 Subs, of which some were identical) and kept asking for one by one. Other than that Subways are usually self service and so was this outlet. Cost: Not extremely cost effective, but some of the Subs are value for money. Generally, most of the western brands tend to be mildly expensive. Overall, can be visited once in a while. Not recommending anything outright, its best to leave it at your own judgement. If you find this review helpful, hit like and don't forget to check out the pics. Thanks for the read.
Rated One of the favourite joint for our group meetings. Love the chicken seekh sub, western egg n mayo sub, chicken tikka sub and roasted chicken sub. I personally dont like the cookies that they offer and also the salad platter. Overall good hangout place.
Rated This branch of subway is great... Cookies are something we love to have here. At times if it's not ready and u don't mind to wait u can enjoy their freshly baked cookies. If ur visiting this place on The weekend then u might not get the opportunity to taste their cookies
Rated This one's much better than the inorbit joint. Never disappointed me in terms of their veggies and bread stock. Dine-in with music is good too.
Rated Location is too good, just before flyover start, next to McDonald, lol, it's nice place spacious and clean, food is good as like other subway outlets staff members are cool, just I found it little dark, lights were off only few lamps were on, maybe they are saving money..
Rated I don't need to write about Subway since there are lot of subway outlets in Mumbai but the reason I m writing a review only about this Subway is because its the best Subway outlet amongst the all I have been in Mumbai. They have all the ingredients all most everytime & taste wise also serves the best Subway with loads of salad. Its the best healthy eating option & hence my favorite !
Rated This is the outlet which always has to face competition from Mcdonalds just a stone throw away. Well this outlet is mostly empty and thats the reason why the quality of sub's is awesome. I had Chicken tanoori sub in a Multigrain bread with barbeque, sweet onion and vinaigraitte sauces. The taste was very good. All the veggis were nice n fresh. Only one negative point about this outlet is that it shouldnt have been next to Mcdonalds. Or else rest everything is just good.
Rated It isn't that great but it sort of satisfies your immidiate hunger or cravings Home delivery is okay-ish Overall can rate just 2-2.5 not more. Its priceey
Rated I love this place. The best Frankie's are made here. The Veg and Non-Veg frankies are delicious . The best place for Sandwiches too. I prefer the non grilled rather than the grilled ones .
Rated The first frankie I ever had was from tibbs at churchgate station....ever since I was in love with it!..there were no others selling frankies too that time...and according to me no other small street offers as tasty as Tibbs frankie. So if u in dahisar ...wanna have some evening snack... round the corner may be the roght option. It serves frankies....and suddenly u wanna have the evening chaat....well good news...they serve that too...and thwn u want to have a cold orange or any flavour soda...they serve that tooo!! Not a great place with table and chairs to get food on table...u just have chairs...but good food!
Rated Outstanding Frankies ... one of the best Tibbs outlets !!
Rated They are the best Tibbs Frankie outlet in entire Mumbai !!!! Outstanding Frankies and they also serve very good pani Puri in different styles to match ur taste buds !!! must try !
Rated Awesome Frankie's ,fresh,hot yummy.all the Best
Rated Have been Gng to this resto since many years.. The Chinese is better than the Indian dishes. The Indian dishes are also good.. What I love most about this place is the quality and quantity of the food. It is a perfect restaurant for family get togethers. The best dishes here are Kebabs - Tiranga, Angara, Banjara Chinese starter - Chicken Crunchy, Chicken han chilly, Indian maincourse - Palak paneer, Mixed veg, Butter chicken, aftabi chicken, Chicken Biryani, Garlic Naan, Dal fry Chinese maincourse - Chicken oyster sauce, Chicken in hot garlic sauce. If you are a first timer, go for the biryani! Suggestions : Variation in flavour of the indian dishes.
Rated Majestic is a good place to enjoy few drinks with friends. The food here is decent and the alcohol is also reasonable. Different seating zones to sit according to your mood. Service is a bit slow and it usually gets packed on weekends.
Rated Majestic restaurant is one of the best restaurants I have tried in dahisar and have to say.. Amazing quality, quantity, rates and the best part a restaurant like this keeps dessert in their menu! which is great because I have been to a similar restaurant like this called sammelan in dahisar east.. And they haven't change their menu except for the price hikes. So yea if you are in dahisar with your family and you want to eat some delicious food especially tandoori chicken or Chinese (I have tried everything Non-veg here which is totally worth it) and end your meal with decent dessert then this place is perfect for you!
Rated Pretty good place for a Saturday night hangout with friends. The food over here is pretty good for the cost and the staff is also pretty friendly. Worth a visit on weekends.
Rated Its quiet a old resto bar but well maintained and good service as well. Food is also very fanatic n tasty you should not miss on biryani here.
Rated Majestic is a complete family dinnig resto...an very old reasto which has maintained its status for over d years..they have a gr8 ambience good quality of food..quantity can be a issue wid sm dishes...but taste is good.der service n mangmnt is very good for all dis years...thats why one of d best resto in dahisar...prices r also reasonable keeping all above in mind. Overall a nice resto to go for family dinner.
Rated Saturday nights has always been cherished in majestic... Not a great place or something... It's situated at a perfect location.... Pocket friendly... Food: 3.5 Service: 4 Ambience: 2
Rated The regular drinking place. Food: decent Drinks: cheap Ambience: average Service: good Crowd: average They are situated at a good location but should make the most of it by pulling in better quality of crowd. A good place for guys to drink though.
Rated Majestic is Majestic. Food is simply outstanding. Me and my friends, my family have been going to this restaurant since many years and it has never failed to live up to my expectations. From fast food items to standard rich gravy north Indian cuisine, taste is unique for each item. Food is quite less oily amd that makes you realise the taste even better. Not just variations of tomato puree. Ambiance is very welcoming, service is good as well but gets sluggish just as load starts increasing. Items that you must try. Paneer han chilly, Chicken crunchy, Egg masala, (seriously, gravy is outta this world) Veg tiranga, Chicken lahori, Veg/non veg biryani Ambiance 3.5/5 Food 4/5 Service 3/5
Rated Very ordinary typical Indian Chinese restaurant. Ordered the veg sezwan combination rice. Was pretty OK. That kind of a place which can be avoided.
Rated Great food! It is so difficult to decide whether the Indian food is better or Chinese, but if thought about deeply, I'd say the chinese is better! I have been to this place since 2004 and the restaurant has maintained its quality. They also have a diet tandoori which is really nice, and an Indo-chinese dish - chicken chilly tandoori, which has tandoori chicken in chinese chilly gravy! I have had almost 80 percent of the menu and the best dishes would be Starters Chicken Lollipop, Chicken 65 dry Kebabs Karela Kebab ( Very unique and highly recommended for meat lovers) Chinese Chilly chicken Indian Chicken Sukha No matter what you order, if you love nonveg and spicy food, this is the place for you. Suggestions : Improvements in the sea food dishes
Rated The crispy chicken, chicken masala lollypops, chicken pahadi kebab and chicken tikka are superb! The butter chicken and paneer manchurian gravy are tasty as well. It is a good place to dine in with family.
Rated The same old menu since ages... But who cares when it's closer to you.. This is one such restaurant I have been going to for ages.. But I have only a particular dish... Do try the boneless chicken biryani.. Service speed should be improved as well as the cleanliness and hygiene of the restaurant...
Rated This is a typical no nonsense restaurant. They have their certain number of loyal customers and they are happily serving them. Menu has been the same since I was a little kid. Need to spice it up a little as there are a lot of restaurants coming up trying to me the next hill view. Food is above average. Worth a try.
Rated I have literally grown up eating their food. And this review is only to commemorate for those yum memories! I will only recommend one dish here - Paneer crispy. Which is mind boggling! It's basically fried noodles wrapped over cottage cheese with the best Sichuan sauce! Go go go go there now!
Rated One of my first Chinese cuisines I've had . Tried almost all the rice dishes here. Not a big fan of hill view's noodles though. Good place for night crawlers and the food justifies to its mark in terms of taste and food quantity. The food is fresh whenever u go and the service doesn't seem sloppy Give it a try if happend to hop on by this place.
Rated Was a great fan of their food first they stopped making their lovely pizza's got hooked onto their biryani and yes they make it really well. however I was in for a shock when I ordered a butter chicken last week. The chicken was totally off . I actually walked acroos to them since i stay in the same lane only to be told that sir there is nothing wrong with it. NOT DONE . I shall prefer to miss thier Biryani but shall never give them my business
Rated I've ordered food from Hill View a thousand times because my father likes it, but I'm done with their chicken preparations, especially chicken masala. It was good when it was a novelty but any time more than twice is burdened monotony. ONCE IN A WHILE FOLKS, once in a while.
Rated Nice place, good location, and good traditional indian food. Best part is this place is outside mumbai city and and on the way to thane so it a good drive as well. Can be given a chance.
Rated I think they're a miss when it comes to authentic italian… I hated the lasagne & bruschetta here! The hazelnut praline mousse was too thick. Not at all smooth as written on the menu. The hazelnuts tasted like cashew nuts, which made me feel like they should have been smaller pieces. The only thing I liked is the mousse was dark chocolate and it did not taste sweet or milky. Roast chicken pasta salad (ordered with extra chicken) was too good & wholesome.
Rated The place has nice ambience and serves good food. Though I feel it is slightly overpriced for the food they serve. It is good hangout place and breakfast is really good
Rated I visited Powai for meeting and since I was very hungry, thought of visiting Aromas Cafe for a quick bite and an energetic dose of Chocolate shake. We wanted to try their Triple Choco Brownie Drink but it was not available so we settled with Choco Berry shake (Choco with a berry syrup) and Oreo Shake. Since I was only one eater, instead if big sandwiches (for which they are famous), I ordered Jalapeno Nuggets (Veg). Personally, I love the combination of Jalapeno with Cheese and a crispy layer of potato. When the dish came, it really looked tempting. They served Nuggets with Jalapeno flavoured Mayo. Stuffing was cheesy and delicious, the only problem with them was they were not crispy at all. Too soft and it melts in mouth before even you take a bit (which for nuggets is not good). The flavoring was perfect, not too spicy and not too bland. As for the beverages, Oreo shake was really good. It wasn't too sweet nor too bitter. However, the Choco berry shake was too sweet because of berry syrup, which made it sweet due to less chocolate (bitter) content. Will mostly visit it again to try their sandwiches and cakes! eatravelfun.blogspot.com
Rated I simply love the breakfast here ! If you are in a mood for an English breakfast this is the right place ! Service is a bit slow at times though !
Rated An acute headache, post watching the movie FAN made me search for this perfect MASALA TEA which is available only at Aromas. Aromas has a very positive vibe overall, and possibly that is the reason, it is packed almost every evening. Ordered fish fingers, mumbai masala chai, cold coffee and liked all of them. At times it gets way too noisy which actually made us move out to have a detailed chat. But overall, a nice place to be at if you are in or near powai.
Rated Food - 4.5/5 Ambience - 3.5/5 Service - 4/5 Value for money - 4/5 We like to experiment and try new places but this is one of the few places we frequent. The breakfast here is great..heaven if you love eggs for breakfast! We had the big breakfast and Spanish omlette today. The big breakfast comprises of eggs to order (we chose scrambled), sauté mushrooms, hash brown, baked beans and 2 slices of toasted bread (4 pieces)..very filling and well prepared. Perfect portion size for one person. The Spanish omlette with generous veggies like tomatoes, bell peppers, zucchini was served with hash brown and 1 slice of bread (2 pieces). It was good but if you 've sampled the mocha Spanish omlette u 'll realise this one isn't that fluffy, but still tastes good. We also tried the choco chunk brownie shake which was very rich in texture and a sinfully delightful beverage. It's difficult to get a table here for breakfast on weekends so consider yourself lucky if you get one without waiting. The only thing off about this place is the ambience..it has started to look worn out and tired and needs refurbishment. One plus point, however, is that they have stopped levying service charge so it's entirely up to you, how much you want to tip..a move I wish all restaurants took!
Rated A nice cozy place to have a quick catch up with friends or have a quite lunch with your loved one. The food is great. I specially enjoy pasta they serve. The quantity is generous and taste is amazing. The only area they can improve on is the time of service. The staff is friendly but a little slow. Other than that, it's a lovely place to visit :)
Rated Aromas is my favourite cafe in Powai! Great food, great coffee, and a nice relaxed ambience. The thin crust pizzas are to die for. The pastas,club sandwich, salads and nachos are really good. The mixed seafood platter including fish fingers, crab sticks,etc is really yummy. Great variety of dishes which never disappoint!
Rated Good place to hangout, staff is good and cooperative, service is quick. Only had their coffee and tea so far but would like to come again for food n pizza too!!!!!
Rated I visited this place with my sistet for dinner I like ds place . Its like a small cafe but great food. We ordered a pitcher of red wine sangria, one thin crust pizza and mustard fish. The fish was so full of flavours n so soft and fresh Pizza was good too. Sangria could have beet better. Overalla nice place to hang out
Rated LOVE THE KHOWSUEY! It's is a must try dish! I had it delivered to my house and it was still hot and well presented. Loved it. I'm definitely going to keep ordering 😍Freshmenu.com
Rated We called for some paneer wrap which was really good... the best part about this dish was the dip... it was a mayonnaise dip with a little bit of a garlicy taste to it.. it completely charged the taste of the wrap
Rated The food is delicious and freshly made and thus lives upto its name. The menu changes everyday with enough varieties to try and enjoy. The preparation as well as the packaging is quality and makes you order again. Try and you shall not be disappointed
Rated Unbelievably fresh food. This is one of the very few places that delivers what it promises. The food looks exactly like what is shown in the pictures. Ordered a Hariyali Cottage Cheese sandwich and my mouth was highly amused. Equally good Tex-Mex veg platter. Also ordered the chocolate strawberry mousse cake but was a little disappointed with that because I couldn't taste the strawberry much. To top all the goodness of the food is the fancy packing which makes it really worth the buck. You go, guys!
Rated Great food and variety at affordable prices! Fast delivery! Reached in 30 minutes with piping hot food. Properly packaged without any spillage. Also was pleasantly surprised with complimentary dish which was expensive that what I had ordered What else does one want? Well idk if I should be specific about the food since their menu keeps changing? Anyways the quality wasn't bad at all for the prices! Tastes great! No more same food everyday! I ordered a single dessert today. Received a confirmation text and well as food is on the way text from zomato but the food wasn't delivered by the estimated time. When I enquired with the zomato team, I got a call from Freshmenu claiming their zomato app wasn't working and thus did not get an order. Anyways shortly after the call, after 30 minutes of the expected time, I received my delivery and it smelt delicious! The cake was soft, gooey with the sauce and chilled. The quantity was ample and the dish pretty good in itself. Not sure it contained egg? Anyways good chilled dessert on a hot summer day only for ₹100! No minimum order! No extra delivery charges or whatever!
Rated Are you tired of having the usual roti –sabji in your dabba? Are you open to trying different cuisines which not just taste delicious but are easy on the pocket too? Do you love surprises? Then FreshMenu is just the thing for you. FreshMenu has become a regular feature at my office with for quite sometime now. I guess people love it for its freshness, taste and the options offered. I’ve have a few colleagues (the Hardcore FM Fans!)who say that the first thing that they see in the morning after getting up is the FreshMenu App, to see what their daily rotating menu has to offer each day! There are breakfast, lunch, snack, salads, soups and desserts to choose from (both vegetarian and non-vegetarian) and though the menu may not be wide ranged like the usual hotel menus, each food is a delight in itself. I have loved their Mushroom Soup, the Burgers, the Burrito Bowl and their All day-breakfast menu to name a few. There have been a few occasional misses in respect of salads and the cold soups, but overall it has been a fabulous experience. Great pricing and decent service too. Although its ultimately packed food being delivered, freshness is maintained and also, the presentation is pretty good. So far I haven’t experienced any case of leakage or breakage of containers too. Keep it up, Team FreshMenu! That’s a super job you are doing!
Rated Freshmenu is fast becoming a favourite in the office, and to see what the fuss is all about I decided to order one day. I called in for the Jamaican chicken burger. The price is a lil high at Rs 250, but the burger is massive and has a large Patty. The chicken was really good , juicy and tender was quite impressed with it. Have also tried some of the other stuff ordered by colleagues and freshmenu is definitely a good option
Rated One of the newest kids on the block in the delivery portal scene. I called for a spaghetti bolognese meal, one multigrain chicken sandwich and a chicken dish with crackling spinach. First up the packaging is really appealing and user friendly. The service is quick and easy. The meals might seem slightly pricey but the portion sizes are humongous. Coming to the taste. The Spaghetti was decent, I've definitely had better but this was a very decent attempt. No negatives but no positives as well. The chicken with the spinach was delisshhhiuuss. So was the sandwich. What I liked about the sandwich is that the chicken sandwich really had huge chunks of chicken as opposed to most others who pretend to use chicken! Good experience and could try! thefoodauror.blogspot.com
Rated So I order for seafood paella,Tex mex veg breakfast and banana walnut cake:) Everything was just the way it should be ....quite strange actually ,it was just too perfect.good job fresh menu guy will be ordering quite often from you guys.....oh that banana walnut cake was just something else :)impressive.
Rated While I love the food from this place and have been a prime proponent of theirs in my office, where many people have called for lunch multiple times, what was really surprising was the inconsistency in their offering. Packaging has always been great and innovative and the meals look glorious and also taste very much so. Today however, we were in for a not-so-great experience. We placed an order for the pulled lamb burger pretty early in the day and it was delivered around 12:15. During lunch when we ate it, we loved the flavor so much we actually decided to order 2 more. Those took slightly longer than the 20 minutes that we have now come to expect from Freshmenu but when it did arrive, we gathered them up eagerly When we unwrapped them, we immediately noticed them to be slightly less stuffed than the burger that had come earlier in the day. When we began to eat them, it was sadly painfully evident that they had used less lamb than the burger from earlier in the afternoon. We really do love what you offer Freshmenu but please maintain consistency in the future!
Rated Just a little late with my review... We dined there last Sunday for lunch. I must say that we were very impressed with the service and more importantly the food. We ordered the Manglorean cuisine. Sukha chicken, Prawn Gassi, Neer Dosa, Kori Roti and Appam. Not only the food was extraordinarily delicious but the quality of chicken and prawns was very good. Highly recommended!
Rated Have visited this place a few times now and i must say that its one of my favourites....have had buffet each time and even with the prices being on the steeper side, i must say that i find every penny to be worth it. Simple put , the focus is on quality rather than variety which i find is the case with most other buffets....certain dishes such as the sea food soup, appam etc are simply scrumptious.... Keep up the good work
Rated This place will give you a nice warm dining experience. The staff is courteous and don't hover. The order can be placed via iPads and there is a pic for every dish. This way, at lease visually you will know the dish you order and a better idea of it's quantity. We had cheese crackers which was a cracker of a dish! It's a must have. Angaray chicken kebab and chicken dum biryani are also amazing. In dessert we had blueberry cheesecake which is to die for!
Rated After cancelling seven kitchens booking at the last moment due to a change in location, was scouting for some good buffets places. Was bored of the BBQ nations and other such places. Found some good reviews about pebbles and finally decided to try it out. The place was empty when we arrived for a Saturday lunch, but was sparingly occupied till the time we left. Coming to the food they have a set menu in addition to the ala carte which is served on the the table. The variety is not huge compared to other buffet places but I liked the personalised serving on the table service. The starters kept coming and all were well cooked and tasted well too. They serve 2 complimentary drinks per person which I found to be a good thing. They have a choice of in-house wine and beer too in the drinks choice list. The appams and neer dosa paired with prawns gassi and chicken gravy was the the highlight of the meal. Also the desserts consisting of gulab jamun, kulfi, cheesecake, rabdi were hit among all. For the price and service the place is a must visit.
Rated Visited this place with family on Sunday afternoon. We opted for their a la carte and loved the every dish we ordered. Chicken dum biryani, malabar chicken curry and manglorean chicken curry all were wonderful. We also had two amazing starters. Don't remember the names though. In desserts we had mango kulfi, cream caramel and kulfi faluda (or rabdi faluda). Loved it. Ambience wise place is okay and service could be more polite and smarter in my opinion. Food was spicy to our taste. And yes they serve either a la carte or set menu on one table. No choice for individual members sitting on one table. Anyways very good dining experience and lovely afternoon spent
Rated At the Pebbles on 21 Feb 2016 A usual Sunday afternoon and as always the question which venue go visit for Sunday Lunch. Had not shortlisted any outlets this week so had to run a quick scan on the Zomato my favourite food finder site. At first sight came across the PEBBLES restaurant located at Andheri. The restaurant offered Sunday lunch buffet which seemed to be very attractive for the variety they offered and off course the impressive price. We called and did a reservation and that was wise. The restaurant was nearly full when we reached the venue. But we got a comfortable seat without a min to wait. The staff were very friendly and well mannered. The menu was well explained which was really good. The welcome drinks options was wide enough which also included Beer and Wine too. We opted for Ice tea and MangoColoda which as so yummy. You get an option of two drinks each. Soups options also are too good l, we opted for Tom Yum soup. The starters option is really wonderful And what impresses us most is the way it was served. Few item were very attractively served. Salads options were not much or may be we missed to have got served the salad. But yes one chicken salad was served which was nice. Main course again very interesting, veg option was nice and the delicious prawn gassy with neer dosa and Appam severe hot was such a treat to us. The main thing that impressed us is all meals are served on the table fm start to end. And meals are really served hot and fresh. Deserts variety is also good. All in all it was a very fantastic experience we had at the Pebbles Ratings Ambiance : 4/5 Staff : 4/5 Food : 4/5 Hygiene : 5/5 Good Place to be. Worth Visiting
Rated Pebbles !! Fine dine restaurant... late review. All delicacies at this restaurant are good. Nothing will disappoint you. Ambience 4/5 food 5/5 staff is very courteous. Highly recommended resturannt.
Rated Amazing food at pebbles. Had ordered for stuffed bombil. It was a unique dish and I found it very delicious. Lamb slices in black bean sauce was also tasty. The quantity was excellent. Highly recommend
Rated FOOD 4.5/5 SERVICE 4.5/5 AMBIENCE 4/5 Utterly sophisticated and elegant place. Had been with family for dinner. It's a little heavy on the pocket but worth every penny and that's you should go here with your parents. Must have: Prawns Kurkure It comes with a sweet chilly sauce. It's absolutely delicious. Finger licking good! RECOMMENDED!
Rated So Ms.Patel and Mr. Rathod wish to eat something spicy, red gravy, yum, and garam garam roti and biryani so this is the place near college that is if we have money for the same. Amazing Indian food. On spot for the taste buds. I personally think that the Indian breads are over prized. And the vegetarian biryani is a big let down. Apart from that everything else is great
Rated The service and ambience is great. The food was fresh and flavorful. Could have been a little more flavorful. Paneer tikka Masala was 8/10. The dal fry, 8/10 again. The wheat roti could have been a little more tender. I would still recommend this hotel to people who want a good north indian meal.
Rated Small place serving indian, chinese cuisine. Having ordered chicken gravy long time it turned out to be too spicy and I just cant eat spicy food. Wanted to give this place a second chance so ordered paneer makhanwala today. It ws on the sweeter side bt tastewise it ws awesum. Even the quantity ws good. Only if d corindar seasoning could be less it would be still tasty. Will definitely go and have food at this restaurant.
Rated A small outlet near Shivaji park in Dadar. A congested place but well maintained by the management. The food seems to be alright for a silent dine out with family or friends. I wold say that the place is best suited for the latter option, i.e. with friends. The starters are nice, the main course boasts of nice gravies and the chinese dishes are nice too. The only let down in this place are the soups they provide and the delay that is caused in deliverance of foods. Considering the output to be so small the time taken appears to be a bit high. If they work on this aspect I believe they could do much well.
Rated Food🍴 is not great as per the prices... otherwise the ambience was great there's noone to disturb you the service was also good they are pretty fast... limited dishes and they aren't spicy either.
Rated A great place to have lunch. Amazing Quality, Awesome Staff. Great Ambience, what more you want from an restaurant. Tried Tandoor Mushroom, Veg Kolhapuri, Kheema Paratha and Veg Biriani. Good : Amazing Food. Bad : Ugly : Tips to starters : Try their Tandoor and Momos, they are amazing :) meleadan.blogspot.com
Rated This restaurant never ceases to amaze u... still serving good QUALITY and QUANTITY food for an amazing PRICE (BEST FITS THE POCKET) Some worth trying items: Drums of heaven Nonveg platter Manchurian Fried rice Chicken salt and pepper
Rated Flavours is a very small place with decent ambience. The seating arrangement is well adjusted for such a small place. The food is of good quality and tastes good to. Considering the area in which the restaurant is located, the food costs very cheap. So its a great value for money restaurant. Chicken manchow soup, lollipop and other regular Chinese items are cooked to perfection. So stick to the basic food items. Just do not try Singapore rice and veg crispy. The service is also quite good. So considering the cost ... No complaints.
Rated We went for a lunch here and ordered naan n panner sabji which was ok ok or you can say the common hotel taste and then we had schezwan fried rice which was good...overall ambience average...service good..food is ok ok and rates are not worth it.
Rated A great maharashtraian food , i think one of the best vegetarian food u ll get here , i had pav bhaji , they serve it with good quantity , with a good taste, service was so fast , then i tried Schwann masla dosa n it was really good , sambar and chatni was really tasty ,You can visit this restaurant in afternoon , according to me its ideal time to visit this visawa restaurant !!
Rated Great maharashtrian food.. The dahi misal and batata vada was great. You can give the South Indian food here a miss.. Definitely recommend if you are up for trying some maharashtrian breakfast.
Rated Everytym I visited the area, I could see this restaurant completely packed and I had a notion that this would be one of those old restaurant which served great food hence the crowd. And seriously, in my last visit, judging by the looks of it, it seems to be a pretty old resuatrant but I soon questioned my self that how was it able to survive the years being so pathetic? Yesterday I made a great mistake of having my dinner over here. Being crowded (I really don't know how or why?) We hat to wait for quite some time to get seated. Then it took then around 5 10 mins to clear the table and bring on the water and the menu card. Then I ordered a shezwan masala dosa, and it took 10 minutes for the waiter to realize that this dish is not available!!! Then I went on for cheese omlete toast, no this was also not available!! Then u went on for omlete toast and hopefully it was available though I don't know why it took them 25 mins to bring it on to ma table! The cheese pav bhaji we orders was really really pathetic!!! The bhaji was full liqudy and tasted like s**t. The quantity and even the quality of cheese was really worse! My sister just ate the butter wala pav, the bhaji was that tasteless!! Then we ordered tawa sabzi and tandoori roti which was quite edilbe and tasted better. The omlete toast was totally average. The bread was crisp but there was nothing very good about it! Sorry guys, but I don't think I wl find myself anywhere near ur place again!!!! P.S congratulations for keeping up this long!
Rated This is one of the oldest Udupi Joint in the Dadar... Known for serving more than 50 years. Ambience just like any other Udupi Joint. Dont keep too much of expectation as fas as service is concerned. But food is good. Their sambar and chutney is to die for. Have made AC and Non AC section recently. Maim advantage of this joint is it is located in the middle of super busy street so always full.
Rated Located midst the busy lanes of Dadar station, a glimpse would reaffirm your initial thoughts of this being an impressive dive. We ordered Tea, Grilled Sandwich and Cheese Masala Dosa. Tea was so-so, one sight of the cup & saucer and we couldn't take anymore sips. Sandwich was very casually grilled, filling drooling all over the plate. There was no salt in masala and chutney was extremely sour. Do I say more?? Cheers !!
Rated Okay this feasible restaurant near dadar station is known to serve people since 50 years, and with no idea about this place, we thought of trying it. Went there with empty stomach and empty pockets. Pretty sufficiently limited things available on the menu, starting from snacks, south Indian and North Indian. We ordered paneer butter masala, dal fry and jeera rice. Food was good enough, quantity was also satisfyingly well. Now service we got was the worst service I've ever faced. The waiters working here are not at all generous and all the time they are hoping here and there as if Bugs Bunny is running around to save his ass from Elmer Fudd. We wanted to order dal fry and none of the waiter was ready to wait for a second and take our order. Then, it took 20 minutes for them to give the spoons and extra onions that we requested for. Like seriously? Did we send you to dadar east and do that? Even that would be faster than their service! And yeah they don't react to "excuse me" or "bhaiya" or "boss". I don't know what's the call here. And after thousand requests they used to bring the stuff. Last thing I ordered was sweet lassi, which was so warm and flat. I asked for ice and they told me there's no ice in their restaurant. Wow! So yeah, thank you Visawa for not letting me come next time. You save my pocket and patience level. Ambience - 2/5 Food - 3.5/5 Value for money - 2.5/5 Service - 0.5/5
Rated This place is located on a prime location. Dont expect a lot from this place. But this hotel serves good food. I have many childhood memories from this place. The best thing I used to love was kasata icecream. neat, clean small joint with good taste.
Rated My favorite place to have food whenever i m in dadar. Just great for fast food and South Indian snacks. Visawa's Misal Pav is recommended by me..Just Loves the taste of its misal pav. Also South Indian items like Idli & Vada Sambar are good.
Rated What all and what NOT! Convenience at its best! You'll enjoy every bit here. Just come, hog the south indian items and enjoy the crispness in every chew
Rated Super place for Indian sweets. The pista barfi was really awesome. The kaju Katli was yummy without the silver topping. Pedas were good too. Trying their soan papdi as well.
Rated Panshikar has a flourished legacy of Maharashtrian food and the taste here is always fresh and enchanting as ever. The Diwali Special Faral is something which people order before months. Their special extra large and crispy puran poli is our weekend dessert. This place is the first time I had a Misal pav and I have never ever looked back again anywhere else. RECOMMENDED.
Rated Must try Anjeer Barfi and Dink Ladoo it's good to hv wen u r expecting, its very rare to get perfect taste bt wen it's come to Panshikar it's worth travelling so far and getting the best. U vl jst love it
Rated Top place for a quick maharashtrian snack. Nice sweets too. This is a traditional place which serves snacks for the old timers. Owners assure quality and purity. As a result we have people visit this place from far and away. This place incidentally happens to be the most popular shopping destination in Mumbai which is an added bonus as shoppers can have a quick bite inbetween their stops. A particular drink by the name piyush is highly recommended. thetimelock.photos
Rated It always surprised me.. y ppl r so crazy for PANSHIKAR... y evrytym during festive season der is so much of crowd...y specifically during Ganpati ders a proper queue..! Yesh..during Ganpati der is a proper queue to buy modaks..at dat time u will just find modaks n nuthn else n evn I hv experienced d joy of it... Modaks r amazing....n once u eat it u will easily gulp atleast 2-3😂😋 Prior a day or two of Ganesh Chaturthi we r always der to buy modaks..dey r awesome.. Other to festive occasions wheneva m at dadar m always ready to hv piyush.. I hav never known wat was piyush or its existence...but aftr I tuk a sip I have been its giant fan.. Piyush is highly recommended...just grab a opportunity to taste it once! N next cums Sutarfeni- its a kind of sweet dish n get stale very early...specially in summer u need to consumed it within a day... I hav tasted it frm many famous n reputed shops but I was always satisfied with Panshikar's...may b because one wich u find in odr shops hv smell n taste of ghee more..n over here its perfect for me.. Whatever u have u will always find fresh stock.. No regrets ...Great experience..!😊
Rated A cosy little quaint place next to the Dadar market place serving delicious Maharashtrian food (not to mention the sweets). This place is like any other Maharashtrian place all of which have a very standardized menu, though, preparation is different. However, while the regular food items are just the same as any other place, me and my friend were lucky to barge on in today when fasting for 'navratris' is going on and thus, added items on the menu - "the sabudana misal" which has none of the spices but sabu dana (sago) to go along with a lot of boiled peanuts and all of it tastes wonderfully well together. Thus, whether fasting or not, this place definitely is worth visiting for Maharashtrian food and especially the food eaten during the fasts.
Rated i just love d paedas.... its ganpati season and i m eagerly waiting for someone to bring panshikar paedas... d paedas melt in the mouth and give u an awesome experience... love u panshikar paedas
Rated Sweet place... Have been going to Panshikar sweets for so long, this place is like tradition for our family... to get sweets for any occasion from this outlet especially. This place is close to my granny's home. The best thing that is served here is "Piyush", it's heavenly...we have shifted to Pune, but whenever we've visited Mumbai have never missed Piyush... Strongly recommend this outlet...
Rated One of the very renowned name around the locality that comes up when you say "sweets". Famous for its Maharashrtain mithais, this place crowded during special occasions and board results. Only a takeaway place of course. You'd be standing in a queue if you visit during festivals. The staff is polite and they pack up your order fairly quick. The mithais out here are delicious. They offer a small variety of namkeens too. You cha also have a quick bite of the burfis, Kharwas or have a sip of the Piyush (Basically liquid srikhand). My favorites out here are Srikhand, Piyush, Kharwas, Mava Burfi & Pista Pedhas. I would totally recommend this place for your mithai needs.
Rated Been hearing of this place since manh years,finally i got the chance to visit this place. N i must say all the praises i heard were worth it. Loved their piyush n kharvas n sabudana chips. Would love to have more branches specially in chembur or vashi.
Rated The ambience is really very nice, plus they have some awesome sizzlers. They sometimes have the 50% off on food and bar. Its awesome to go there with your group at such time. Good sizzlers to try and don't forget the amazing bar
Rated Great Decor! Cool Ambiance & Good Choice Of Music.Serves Good Food, Specially Sizzlers. Ofcourse, Not Forgetting The Brownie. Just Need To Work On Their Slow Service.
Rated On independence day me and my friends decided to visit this restaurant because they serve sizzlers. When we reached there , a party was on so they shifted us to chilli house. But chilli house was serving the sizzling bar's menu. We ordered a soup,chicken starter , nachos and sizzlers . Soup was okay and even chicken starter was good. Nachos !! Were great ! But really disappointed with the sizzlers. We ordered a paneer shaslik sizzlers and it did not taste good. Sizzlers were served with two satey sticks of paneer and lots and lots of rice.
Rated Not many know dis cool place in dadar....superb ambience....tried chilli cheese toast was ok not bad....their sizzlers are best ate vegetable and corn kebab was very nice....sizzling hot brownie was to die for....
Rated Being there once. Nice place. Its fun when visit with friends. Food is tasty just takes long time to come after you give order. Variety of cocktails & mocktails.
Rated Its is THE PLACE for all craving for good chicken wings and some pretty good pizzas. The ambience is great and so is the choice of music. This place won't disappoint you in its stylish interiors and a soothing experience. Not many people know about this place. Surely, a Must Visit.
Rated This place surprised me, First of all not many know about this place because of its location and hence its the best place to have a quiet dinner. The ambience is awesome and so is the choice of music. The prices during Happy Hours are a steal, reasonable. I went on a rampage while ordering, whatever I ordered was up to the mark! Kudos. Started with Pizza, Fish & Chips, Sizzling Hot Barbeque Chicken and Sizzling Vegetable & Corn Kebab (Less Corn). The quality and quantity was top notch. Awesome Experience made better by a friendly and helpful staff..
Rated It's been on my wish list since pretty long, however reading the other reviews had almost discouraged me from going there.. I guess it worked in a way, I didn't have high expectations from the place. The decor is pretty well done up, looks mediocre but quite a place! It shares the kitchen and staff with chili house (which looks more like the fine dine place as opposed to sbh). The alcohol is not too reasonable, that must be the reason they had only 4 tables occupied on a Saturday night. Approx 250 bucks a pint for the Indian beers was the general range. We had the cream of mushroom and cream of chicken soup. Creamy but light, delicately flavoured with celery and mildly spiced, more or less kind of bland, we had to add salt and pepper to it. We called for the nachos with cheese and salsa which wasn't that great, the salsa is prepared in-house but lacks the exact zing, the cheese sauce is not too cheesy so that ain't too bad.. Since the place is known for its sizzlers, I'll come to it now.. We called for the paneer shashlik and the fish on sizzling.. The paneer shashlik was heavenly, 2 satai sticks having soft chunks of paneer and rice with a red gravy, sided with tossed veggies (beans, carrots, spinach and cauliflower) and French fries. Sumptuous and delicious! The fish on sizzling was even better. 3 big pieces of rawas with white sauce, coriander flavoured rice, with the same tossed veggies and French fries. The pieces of fish were well marinated and cooked to perfection. Disappointing was the sizzling brownie.. Nothing great about it to even mention in the review, just helped complete the meal as a dessert. On and on a decent experience. A place to chill with friends and they play decent music at not-so-loud volumes..
Rated Best maharashtrian homemade food. I hv been cmng here sinc I was a kid with my mumma or mama. And the taste is still the same. The best puneri misal I have ever had (mamledar is a different case 😝). Their kothimbirwadi, ukadiche modak, piyush, puranpoli are just yumm nd gives home wali taste. I have even tried their zunka bhakar.. Which is so tasty and amazing. If u really r looking for tasty maharashtrian homemade food.. This is a must must must try
Rated One of the Legendary Restaurant Located In Busiest area Of Dadar Near By KabutarKhana. Came here From my Childhood Days With Grandparents and Now With Parents But the Taste Isn't Change it all. Been here to Enjoy the taste Of Lovely Maharashtrian Cusion Like Misal Pav, Batata Wada, Ukdiche Modak Etc.
Rated In the busy Dadar market I came across this place and decided to try on some food here. Tambe arogya bhavan is a small old style Vada pav place. They also serve other Maharashtrian food items. I ordered the Vada pav and the kothimbir wadi. The kothimbir wadi was seeming refried. It had that weird texture. The Vada was just about ok - you know the nothing bad but nothing good either kind of variety. I recommend trying other famous joints in Dadar as compared to this.
Rated I don't blame the place/ restaurant for the Los rating in giving... Let's call it personal choice.. So I'm from Delhi and have had maharasthrian food like vada pao or dabeli n etc etc at various places like Delhi or Indore and I've liked it... Now as everyone knows there is a difference between authentic and the localized version of any food... I can say food here is very authentic and so the maharasthrian food lovers would love to eat here... But sorry !! Not for me.... So I ordered an missal pao and it came with pao separate and dish separate and that too with gravy separate and u didn't understand how to eat it... On second thought even if I would have understood it, didn't like the taste of it much... I also ordered puran poli which is like one of my favorite maharasthrian dish and I usually like it... But not here, he got a very dry puran poli which was difficult to eat... And not delicious at all.... May be it's the difference in taste of Maharashtra and North India or was this particular place I dont know... But not so impressed at all.... P.S.: I was giving the place a 2 or 2.5.. But guess it's more authentic which I might have not liked and thus raising it to 3....
Rated What can u ask when u r in need of food in crowded place like dadar area,had a friend who informed me about this amazing joint,its fantastic & refreshing ,limited & good food ,fast service ,had misal pav ,batata wada & piyus ,enjoyed this place as I was lucky not to be accompanied with too much crowd ,
Rated How can anyone miss this place ? Tambe serves one of the best Maharashtrian food. They have special menus every day of the week. Fastest Service ever. The place is not that classy but it provides the best food. Zunkar Bhakar, Thalipit, Sabudane Wade is a must try. Kothimbir Wadi is the delicious one you will ever taste. Piyush is a must try and one of the item I always order. Value for Money. Pocket Friendly. P.S. If you have went shopping to Dadar and are in short of money, then Tambe Is The One.
Rated Tambe bhawan is a tiny place amidst the crowded streets of dadar opposite plaza, which one can easily miss. Although the ambience may not be world class but the food is surely the best maharashtrian food one can have. Being in mumbai, its a shame that such places serving only maharashtrian food hardly get any recognition they need! With such low rates which everyone can afford, superfast service, amazing hot marathi food and what a location it still stands strong. Puneri misal pav, batata wada, thalipith, kothimbir wadi and not to forget piyush they have everything you crave for when you miss your home food. With such few places left serving authentic maharashtrian snacks tambe bhavan is definitely worth a shot.
Rated It's a nice place for those who like Maharashtrian food. It's near Dadar Station (West). If you have visited Dadar West for shopping & during or after that you need a break & wanna taste some traditional Maharashtrian food items like Kande Pohe, Misal Paav, Sabudana Khichadi etc, this is a good place.
Rated One of the very few places, where you get authentic Maharashtrian food. Misal pav is one of the best I had in Mumbai. A simple place, quick service, delicious food and very pocket friendly. We ordered Misal pav, Batata vada, and 2 glasses of buttermilk. All this for only ₹116/- A must visit place if you are in Dadar.
Rated TAB is best for tasty food, misal and vadas are one of the finest.. All the homely dishes will be available here... U name it , they have it... Pineapple sheera was kind of sheera I tried here first time and it is too good. Though ambience is not that great but food quality is finest.
Rated This is a small joint right opposite dadar station. This place is famous for its misal. This place is very crowded in the evening. They serve very good aloo vadi and their thalipeet is yum too. Overall place for money. The food is tasty too
Rated I have been to this restaurant only once but the visit is fresh in my memory. It's a simple place and bang opposite Dadar railway station. I had tried Misal Pav and was a superb experience.
Rated If you want to savour some authentic Maharashtrian food then this is the ideal food joint to be at. Based on a review in times, we decided to have my breakfast here that Sunday morning. We ordered Missal Pav, bata wada, puri bhaji and khargaz for dessert. I must say they were all quite delicious and pocket friendly we had tea and all for just 350. The service is pretty fast and friendly. The ambience here has an old Mumbai charm to it. The joint is frequented by morning walkers and retired couples. Overall it's a calm and strictly Maharashtrian food joint. P.S. Don't got there expecting a south indian menu.
Rated Had been many times but food here is good n tasty. Ordered kanda bhajiya,medu wada and misal pav. Little expensive on the pocket but taste wise yum. Been in dadar over 100 years or more people over the years had cherished the batata wada. So yummy n crispy with the lasoon chutney. Loved the wada plate. Such legendary places have to be visited to knw why existed that long. Thumps up to this place. Didn't click pics coz was too hungry to do so
Rated This 100 years place located near dadar station is known for its maharastian style of food.The food seved here is quite decent along with quick service.Prices are quite reasonable as well. I went during the lunch time and found most of the people having thali other hotselling item here is the misal and vada. The ambience may not b tht fancy but u try this place for the food.
Rated “Step in to Mama Kane, step out of (the hustle bustle of) Mumbai” Time has stood still in Mama Kane. I guess not much would have changed here in terms of the decor. Notice the ancient fans hanging from the high ceiling, for instance. Blast from the past. Coming to the food, very authentic Maharashtrian food. the usual suspects - misal pav, batat vada, sabudana vada, et al. I enjoyed soaking in the ambiance as much as imbibing the delicious, and unpretentious food!
Rated Visited this place many times as it is near dadar station. This place is for the maharashtrian food lover as they offer variety of maharashtrian food. Mama kane has a history of more than 100 years, so surely they have a good experience of serving the food.
Rated One of the legendary restaurants in Mumbai which is situated bang opposite Dadar station. The place is known for its Batata Vada and other Marathi delicacies. Sadly the Batata Vada turned out very disappointing . The vada had only besan and no aloo in it, The aloo pieces were so big and the stuffing was really not worth it . They charge 36 Rs for a plate and that is too costly I feel. Upvasachi Misal was good though. Just the right blend of every ingredient. They serve packaged Solkadi but it tastes nice. The food is quite costly I feel, they are charging a premium on account of the brand name. The same dishes are now available of better quality,taste and lesser price.
Rated Misal pav doesnt taste like misal and is very bland also the food quality is not that great. I ordered for onion bajiya and im very sorry to say that it was not cooked properly. Shut the place
Rated This Restaurant is Especially for Fish Lovers... The Food is damm Tasty.... But It's Overpriced for the Taste n Quality they Provide.... Service was good.... Ambience is also Nice.... Pomfret n Surmai Fry are the Best Dishes..!!! 😃😘
Rated Sindhudurg brings back childhood memories as it a place we used to go for family dinner. Whilst I'm not typically fond of coastal cuisine, it was a treat for rest of the family. Chicken Thali, Kombdi Vade, Sol Kadi were the staple must haves! I wonder if they still maintain the same standards...as 2 decades back. Needs a visit soon!
Rated This is one of the oldest place in dadar to serve typical malwani food... The ambience is not that great but the food is great we had ordered surmai thali bombil fry tisrya masala which were really very yummie... quantity is good enough but the rates are bit high.... overall very good
Rated One of the very old joint for authentic Malvani food. A bit spicy but sometimes you may not get fresh fish. Rates are a bit high compared to other Malvani Joints in the vicinity. Sitting arrangements are good and the ambience is also good.
Rated Sindhudurg is the ideal place if you are looking for Malwani food. Here, if you don't eat some seafood, you are really missing something. I was particularly impressed with Gawthi Komdi Masala ( Country Chicken Masala). It has a far richer taste. Non-veg Thali seems to be popular. But I would rather recommend the fish curry!
Rated A decent option only for seafood lovers. If you're looking for a good chicken or veg meal, this can be avoided. The ambiance is a little stuffy, but the seating is fairly comfortable. The thalis are decent - the fried fish and vadas were good while the curry was quite average. It's the small things really. The crab masala for example has flavorful gravy, but the crabs are boiled and then added to the gravy at the end, which is why the crabs on their own hardly have any flavor. Service is quick. The Shrikhand is a good idea to wind up your meal with. All in all, worth a visit only if you're in the vicinity and are craving for a konkan seafood meal.
Rated This place is best for the maharastrian cuisine. Since childhood i am visiting this a lot. Many a times me and my family have snacks, lunch or dinner here. Today morning we planned to have our breakfast here. We ordered kothimbir wadi, bhajani thalipith, medu wada, dalimbi usal and puri and piyush. Woah! Kothimbir wadi- its best. Tasted the same Bhajini thalipith- as usual served with 'lonyacha gola' amazing Dalimbi usal- little disappointing but was going proper with puris. And puris were best. Piyush- superb! This place is close by dadar station and and not at all expensive. :)
Rated Always packed with guests. You're lucky if you get a place to sit as soon as you enter. The misal Pav and usal Pav are worth the cost, visit and everything. Delicious. The north Indian food is also good. Not better than the Maharashtrian dishes they serve.
Rated Nice, neat and clean is the right words to start the review of this hotel. You will feel like PUNERI ambience here. Nice food, quick service. Must try: Dahi Adarsh Misal, Rava Masala Dosa, Kothimbir Vadi.
Rated Best place for its dosa and puneri misal enjoyed eating that and rest other than that good dahi wada also and also there are good stuffs for fast like thalipith,sabudana wada etc this are the special for fasting snacks.
Rated If u like Maharashtrian food then this is a must visit place. It's pocket friendly, good service n always crowded .Just love their THALIPETH n lemon juice its just so refreshing n the Loni (white Butter) on THALIPETH is so tempting n amazing.
Rated Adarsha occupies the place amongst Maharashtrian cuisine serving restaurants of Dadar West-Shivaji Park that Sharada Bhavan occupies amongst the South Indian cuisine serving restaurants of Matunga; a bit lost and unnoticed. Adarsha has been around for eons [established in 1941], serves decent food, has its own set of proponents [my dad being one among them] and is in the company of established legends. It started off serving only Maharashtrian cuisine and over the years has shifted to serving South Indian and Punjabi cuisine also. The sequence of my order was as below – Puneri Misal: Each restaurant has its recipe for a Misal; some make it spicy, some make it mild and some keep it balanced. Adarsha too has its own unique recipe. After the first couple of spoons, I had made up my mind that this was just another ordinary misal. But as I progressed eating it, I started to appreciate the subtle play of flavours and variation in the spice levels.They use white peas and a mild spicy base as gravy using some spicy masalas and some fresh coconut shavings nicely ground into a paste. They top up this mild spicy concoction with a dominantly sweet chiwda and finally chopped onions.The combined taste of the mild spicy gravy & sweet chiwda is really nice. RECOMMENDED! Kothimbir Wadi:This is a must-have dish here. The mixture of besan & green coriander is nicely steamed and cut into pieces. Its then deep fried but just enough to make the outer layer crispy and keeping the insides soft. It is served with coconut chutney. Just one let-down, the size was small than expected. RECOMMENDED! Thaalipeeth:When the plate was placed on the table, I liked what I saw; freshly fried Thaalipeeth with a dollop of white butter. Though I am not a great supporter of Thaalipeeth being deep fried, but if that’s how it is served around so don’t have much choice.Thaalipeeth was of perfect circular shaped, made of a mixture of flour, chopped onions and dabbed on top with a lot of white sesame seeds, a nice twist. But I guess it was fried for the extra moment or two which is why the insides were dry. This is a one-time trial dish, depends on your luck on that day. I found the overall size of the Thaalipeeth to a bit smaller. Kokam Serbet:An all- time favourite at any Maharashtrian cuisine serving restaurant in any season. Damages for all of the above came to Rs.153 for one person, VFM! Adarsha is like a hidden gem lost in the plethora of garment shops and vegetable vendors. A visit here is a must to try & sample their fare, on the double! Food Quality – 4/5 Food Quantity – 3.5/5 Ambience – 3/5 Service – 4/5 Price – 4/5
Rated a regular restaurant you can find in dadar. typical maharashtrian food with great taste. kothimbir wadi, cutlet,piyush are must try. south indian items served here are good too. have tried punjabi dishes here...and those too are good.
Rated Quality mein No. 1. Biryani is superb! Mouthwatering. One of the oldest restaurants in Dadar area. They offer discount if u take parcel :))
Rated This place serves since my childhood and they have only grown to serve better. Cheese Chilli Grill, Veg. Cheese Grill and Normal Sada Sandwich (Jain and Regular) are absolutely fantastic. Avoid ordering at home, the time ruins the taste. Cheers! :)
Rated Once I used to have sandwiches from dis outlet... But ab vaisi taste nahi rahi :( Still I rated based on the name & hope they will improve the service & taste as before!!
Rated Balu's classic has 3outlet, all almost nearby each other. One in mahim, another in dadar west and last one in dadar east. Its a typical sandwicheria, not much crowded but serves many types of sandwiches. Their pizza categories are not many but sandwiches have a great variety. From normal sandwich to samosa sandwich to kothimbir wadi sandwich, everything is served here. P.S. do not get the food delivered at home as it tends to get soggy or hard, either ways. Go to the store and grab a bite.
Rated Uh, just to mention, the menu posted here is outdated...I called thinking, hey great prices at 60/70 bucks and good reviews too, near...maybe I'll order two pizzas!...turned out cost is now 80/90 bucks....I have ordered restaurant pizzas before and they are normally too small to warrant this cost (at least for me). Also when I called, the guy sounded like he was waking up from sleep...business slow!
Rated Must try the cheese grilled pizza. Lots of filling and tasty though. Have been always home del. Since i reside just 500 mts away. A good place. And the best part is you just order anytime any amount.. it gets delivered... i just ordered a veg cheese grilled pizza again. Waiting to be delivered.
Rated I have known Balu since when I was a kid and he had a small roadside sandwich stall. The sandwiches are not that great but better and hygienic than any roadside vendor. I must say it's been more than a decade the taste hasn't changed nor has Balus smile... Must have if u are near Dadar Police Station. Samosa toast and veg grilled sandwich
Rated A pretty decent sandwich place. You won't find the best sandwiches here but trust me, they're better than the regular sandwiches from other shops. Pricing is also pretty reasonable
Rated Good sandwhich place near jakhadevi prabhadevi. Theit delivery is really quick. They also serve pizza and sandwhich. Their non garlic varieties are also good.
Rated I love their pizza! It's not professional but the taste is awesome.... and even their veg.Sandwich is great! I am eating their sandwiches and pizza since 8 year!
Rated Very nice food ...sandwiches and pizza very much yummy.... Perfect service for home delivery too.. Best part is snacks in jain variants too...never expected jain vada ( kela vada ) ready all the time...must have your outlet in every suburb...
Rated None of my friend accompanied me here. So i took my mom :D. After heavy dinner i wanted little sweet bite. So had chocolate ball(only chocolate no rum). Woah! Total worth. It melted like a melon. Yummy! Purchased some bakery products also like khari and nankhatai. I want to try their pastries also. Will visit soon!
Rated Awesome place to visit.... worth eating the delicious pastry with lots of variety this place offers ... also the service is worth appreciating..
Rated Yummy Yummier Yummiest, what cakes they bake! And what flavors they serve! A place hidden between the lanes located in the locality .To my surprise they have good variety of cakes. Recently ordered a customized cake for a birthday occasion and was pleased by the savor and the chocolaty indulging flavor. The cupcakes are the real deal! Their chef should give himself a pat on the back because to be honest these guys just work miracle on the flavors and they make a perfect mouthful.
Rated Super Duper Excellent !!!! Words simply can not describe the fealing of joy you will get when U will taste any item @ this place.... A MUST VISIT place.... Khao to hi Jano ... Simply super delious... This is our 3 rd Visit from Goregaon to this place ... Just for taste.....
Rated #spongy#soft#creamy#chocolaty#yummy#tasty#fabulous......guyss u need to try diss...A cake shop like none other. Thnkxxx to Navneet Raul....😋😋😋😋
Rated We wanted a customised surprise cake shaped as a shirt with tie for my dad's b'day and the chef's delight team delivered a fantastic cake that amazed everyone☺ must say its great taste and talent!!! Highly recommended
Rated I had ordered customized cake for my daughters birthday...it was an awesome experience ...kids loved it as it was something innovative...will strongly recommend...
Rated The best experience would be the 3kg customized chocolate cake we ordered for my brother's engagement! We all loved it! Absolutely yum!!! Thank you for your special service.
Rated One of the good cake shops around the conour..... These people are smart, young, creative and the best part is they are helpful and service oriented. About the cake.... These guys are really good with it... New taste... Suggestion: Need to get some more new flavours to keep going and can innovate with fusion flavours .... like some golmaal types of flavours.... However the chef is the right person to think.... I am just a foodie.... Overall happy to have you around!!!!
Rated Wanted to be here since a long time as it was strongly recommended by my friend a while back. Ordered chocolate truffle for my mom's birthday and must confess it was some great taste. Literally licked the cake of the board. I went back again for some chocolate mousse and as expected it was fresh and yummylicious. It was presented in a beautifully decorated jar. Its a must try for everyone and anyone who visits this place. The owners were courteous and friendly helping you through the range of cakes, pastries and snacks. Strongly recommend it for anyone in and around Shivaji Park, Dadar.
Rated Great value for money place. Schezwan sauce was one of the best. Bombil fry was decent, was expecting plumpy pieces but they had made it thin & crispy. Bhakri could get better. Kombdi wade were big in size however a bit oily. All the tikkas/pakodas here are deep fried in the same siren red coloured batter. Chicken preparation had huge quantity. Would get better if they make less use of colour & oil. Decent overall experience, good for all fish lovers. We heard this is a temporary place at Sena Bhavan as their main restaurant is under renovation. Definite scope of improvement. Recommended !
Rated This place is located just behind shivsena bhavan. Its a very small restaurant. So when the speciality is maharashtrian seafood you expect only that. But the mix pakoda and mori fry had this chinese batter cover. It was oily and strictly ok. Bombil fry was made too crispy for my liking. Chicken masala was nice but again too much oily. They seriously need to look after the cleanliness. It matters a lot. Overall its an average place. There are many other seafood places in the vicinity.
Rated I am surprised with the reviews below. I liked the food. The best part it's great value for money. We tried komdi Wade thali and tisrya masala thali. Was very good.
Rated Well with Gomantak food and Dadar are synonymous..... So is Saibini Gomantak. The food is delicious. The mutton sukha is to die for. The chicken sukha - i am sure you will love it too. The fish thali is something with an wholesome and delicious meal, which i order quite a few times. An interesting dish they have is the Chicken Jeera Rice - a lovely combination of Jeera rice and shredded chicken. It goes extremely well with the mutton or chicken sukha. A bit adventurous, i once tried the Tandoori chicked and chicken lollypop and surprisingly - it was delicious. The schewzan sauce that came along with it was delicious too. Do give it a try. I personally feel it is overpriced for the quantity but not for the quality. Either they should drop prices on home deliveries or increase the quantity.
Rated An all time family favourite. Surmai fried rice plate, Chicken sukha, kombdi wade, mutton sukha are excellent. A rice plate usually consists of chapatis/bhakris/wades with Chicken sukha, Chicken rassa, sol kadhi (extremely watery), rice, onions and lemons! Delicious meals at reasonable prices.
Rated Saibini one of the best restaurant to enjoy sea food in dadar area. Its heaven for nonveg eaters. The restaurant has been shifting places as its old place is under renovation, its currently near the shiv sena bhavan. Seating arrangment is little cramped as its in a very small place. Now coming to food it has mouth watering items on its long menu. Food quantity is good.food quality is awesome. MASALA LOLLIPOP highly recommended!!. Its kokani & authentic malvani dishes are must have. Fishery items are fresh n yummy. Staff is helpfull in the selections & offer good service. It takes 25 30 mins for the order to be served as preparations take time. On weeekends you will have to wait for 15 20 mins on being a small place. Then theres the todays special items board which has special dishes which are yummy & DIFFERENT than t regular ones. All in all its a foodlovers joint (nonveg) veg is also served its good, gr88 food helpfull staff makes it an good joint. Parcel service is available
Rated I've eaten a lot of seafood and I've had my share of good and bad food. At Saibini, these guys just know how to make their fish. For the first time we ordered some crab biryani and it is the best that I've had by far. They serve an entire medium sized crab with every biryani. The crab is seasoned and marinated soooo well. It's semi spicy and amazingly yummy . One portion is enough for two people. We also asked for a crab curry but the biryani is waaaaaay better . I asked for a prawn thali the second time around. Best decision ever. They serve 3 chapatis , rice, solkadi(coconut milk based drink) , gravy and prawn curry. They serve some generous amount of prawns in there. Around 8-10 medium sized. The prawn curry is thick and has a strong coconut-y flavour. I also had the bombil fry . They serve 3 pieces in one portion. It's light and crispy . A good side dish to order. A friend asked for kombdi wade as well (chicken gravy with rice flour based thick puris) . It's semi spicy, delicious but a little too oily. It's EXTREMELY easy on your pockets and if you like Malvani sea food, you should hit this place for a meal! They're good with their quantity and quality.
Rated One of my favourite places to go for great gomantak style food especially the variety of lovely seafood and chicken liver masala or biryani. Reasonable prices and good food and quick service with helpful suggestions on what to order.
Rated Very Ok food! Nothing great about the food they serve. There are 50 other places serving the same food but better. Delivery is slow. Comes 1 hour late and I calling the person says he's left long time back and stuck in traffic when the place is 10 mins away.. The place was recommended by someone. But I guess not a good recommendation. Food needs a whole lot of improvement in quality and taste.
Rated Good food & also the quantity of the food is more ! Not so good ambience ! You don't feel anything good after visiting this place & the staff here is slow! Overall okay. They should add more light the restaurant !
Rated I love dis place !!! Good place to hangout with friends and family. And the staff is friendly . Food was good service was great and fast It took 15 20 min Its really good place for office party They also have a party hall!
Rated A small quite place. Serves up really good Thai food surprisingly, also serves sizzles but I personally wouldn't recommend them. Worth a meal. Kudos !
Rated It is located inside the mall next to Shivaji Mandir. The venue is okeyish in general & decent in terms of food & ambience. The rates are reasonable. Menu is extensive. The staff is arrogant in terms of customer handling (saw 3 instances & experienced 1 myself in the same evening). Service is slow. Had ordered for 1 hot & sour soup, 1 crispy paneer, 1 dry manchurian, 1 chicken starter & 3 beers. The food is decent & quantity is justified. The taste isn't very special but you won't complaint after your meal, though you might feel something could have been better here & there. The ambience is of a classic old school ac restaurant cum bar types & the crowd is noisy, a mixed bag of maharashtrian families, couples & college students. Parking isn't a problem as the mall provides ample space. I will definitely give it a second chance incase in vicinity just to sample their menu & out of curiosity. Ps: you can give it a try when in dadar for a change of routine.
Rated Located in the Star Mall at 2nd Floor, it's a real surprise to enter with great ambience inside. Chinese instrumental playing alongside, the food is very yummy. Service is good. With essence of authentic Chinese food, they have huge variety of dishes in the menu card. Desserts should be increased. I liked the bar arrangement which was behind a door.
Rated There was a time I used to drive up to Breach Candy for SAM. I simply used to love the Sushi, Gyoza and Green Teas. Having lived in Japan for 5yrs and trying out almost the best places there, I was glad to find a place that used to match up to that quality. But not anymore. Don't know if that's something to do with the ingredients sourced locally or some other reason. The Sushi's were damp and tasteless. Gyoza was oozing with oil and rubbery. This, on both the occasion I visited this place. Hope they bounce back soon.
Rated I love me some good Sushi so yesterday when I spotted the Sushi and More stall at The Eat India Company Fest, I was overjoyed. But that joy was short lived. When I popped the first piece of Crab California Roll into my mouth, I was really disappointed. It was not fresh, didn't have the bang-on flavour that usually comes through in a California Maki and it was just plain bland OK. The Sushi here could definitely use a lot of improvement! Hoping for betterment soon as I love Sushi; and places which serve it hold special places in my foodie heart! 😊
Rated I haven't been to the outlet so my rating is strictly for the food and the delivery. It was quick and arrived in about 45 mins flat in very neat and convenient containers complete with soy sauce wasabi ginger and a set of chopsticks! Convenience and efficiency packed in one. The menu is decently priced with 8 pieces costing you between 350-550 bucks. Thats pretty affordable. The helping of the fish in the sushi is satisfactory for the price. The taste however is not as fresh as one would prefer and it could be better overall. The soy helping could also be improved. A bit more attention to taste and this could be every sushi lover's dream come true- delivered right to your doorstep! Yay!
Rated The Experience was the ambiance could have been better the food was nice something new and innovative sushi was quite fresh cleanly cut and overall a little expensive
Rated The last time I ate sushi was literally in Tokyo, so you know my standards are high! Surprisingly, they held their own pretty well. Ordered an ebi roll and a spicy salmon roll. The rice was a little too sticky, but well seasoned with vinegar. The seaweed was decent quality but I would have liked to see a little more. The ebi was warm, fresh and crunchy. The salmon was slightly bitter, and cut too thick. Still, I was very happy with the generous quantity in the roll. It was also great to see that it was actually fresh, soft sashimi and not cooked or poached in any way. The sushi was delivered in fabulously convenient bento boxes with generous helpings of wasabi and ginger. Should have snapped a picture, but I was too hungry to wait! Over all, very impressive for a sushi delivery service in India. A wider menu would be nice.
Rated Order from this outlet of Sushi and more only when sushi cravings reach a dangerous level and you need a quick fix. The outlet needs to be renamed to 'Nothing but Sushi' though as all other items like the Bento, soups, gyoza, yakitori and tempura find no place on the menu here. This is the same class of stuff as the outlet in Foodhall at Palladium, Lower Parel dishes out. I find the sushi to be over-dry and not inventive at all. The party platter comes with a mix of nigri and maki - 20 pieces in all. We ordered the tuna tartare and the NV California as well. The tuna tartare was the most disappointing especially when compared to the outstanding one at Shiro. The California was decentish - can't go very wrong with crabstick though the over-dry rice was a common feature across all the types. The salmon rolls was the best in the party platter mainly due to the quality of the fish. No other standouts in the platter sadly. I should never say never but let's just say slim chances of a reorder.
Rated This place is a part of the chain Sushi and More and this is a place that has opened up recently in Dadar. It's a dedicated Sushi place and does not have the lunch Bento box for which the Breach Candy place became famous in the first place. So it was a bit disappointing. It's a good place to have cheap sushi since it does not taste bad. I had the Philadelphia roll which I really liked. The staff is helpful and will suggest things to you. It is more of a delivery kinda place as the seating is minimal-well even minimal is an understatement since it's just five chairs and you will need to stand up and eat. Go here for cheap decent sushi. Best to get it delivered.
Rated BK has been by far my favourite burger joints. Located in the ground floor on Star Mall on the busy streets of Dadar. It is bang besides McDonald's. On my way home I decided to have a take home from BK, and the only hassle for this location is the parking since you can't leave your car on the busy main road. I reached the take away counter and ordered my favourite double whopper, the staff suggested that I should try the 'angriest whopper ever' which I smiled and said OK. To go along I ordered for the onion rings, the newly launched chicken fries and chicken chilli chose burger. The service was super quick and my order was ready within 5 mins. The best thing I liked is that without me telling, they had separated the veg and non veg food in Seperate bags making it easy to identify and relief to mind. The angriest double whopper was really angry I.e. Spicy than the regular whopper with jalapeños and onions adding to the zing. It was bloody red in colour. The taste was excellent as always and the patty stayed hot till the last bite. The unique thing about the burger was that it had a hard Crunchy base which prevented the huge burger breaking down to pieces. The onion rings were crispy even after 20 mins and they were literally oil free which I liked. The tangy smoky sauce was bit spicy but I wasn't expecting any less. Ordering process - 4/5 Delivery time - 5/5 Food - 4/5 Price - 4/5 ( 5 is very expensive) Recommended If it's burger king I say GO BIG GO HAVE THE SOOPER WHOOPER ASS WHOOPER...GO FOR THE THE WHOOPER or don't go to BK at all.
Rated Almost all junk food in India is nowhere close to anywhere else in the world. U don't get beef, the bread's stale, mutton is actually mince and with masala. The same goes with burger king here but atleast their cheap chicken burgers outdo their own chicken whoppers and their mutton whopper. I've had their Xtra long chicken sandwich, the chicken tandoori grill, the bk grill chicken and the chicken kheema crunch. The sad thing is all these are the cheaper burgers and all of them are like a million times better than their signature whoppers. How that makes sense, I have no clue. But whatever. Ure getting cheaper food with (atleast from my point of view) even better quality/taste, so why not.
Rated Shopping at times gets into a thrill, specially when you are at a shopping market, u r confused what to purchase and end up doing window shopping. Alike, few others we ended up doing the same. So feeling famished, we sat at Dadar burger king, to stop the noise rolling in our growling tummy. Ordered for chicken whopper meal large, Chicken fries. Extra fries, for 2 people this seemed enough. The server was quick. The crowd was entertaining. The place clean. Luckily we got the coach to sit in, though it was busy heavily crowded. Had some chats, had some lovely gossips, enjoyed the evening. Didn't purchase anything he he he. Jus our tummy had stopped growling...Finally. Cheers!!
Rated This one is good. I went to this Burger King when it was newly opened in star mall at Dadar beside shivaji mandir. And I grabbed some offers like, buy a burger and get cold drink free. Buy a meal and get soft serve free. I had chilly cheese and it was good. Also the service was fast.
Rated Had a chicken fries and chicken crispy combo and a Choco dip softie. Chicken fries tasted good with the smoked dip.. Would prefer a McDonald's burger vs the burger King menu.. Choco dip softie had a great taste..
Rated Alright BK, you scorned Bandra.. Even while McD attempted to open a 2nd one in our vicinity.. But I still continue to pine for those delightful Mutton Whoppers.. So much that I've taken diversions on trips to Churchgate and Marol just to stop by a BK in the area.. And now, thanks to the wonderful folks at Swiggy I can get those delightful burgers delivered to Bandra!! Even though the food arrived just about warm (credit to the guy who got here within an hour) this still remains my highest rated BK experience.. May have something to do with not having annoying staff members interrupting in the middle of a meal and asking to login & provide feedback :P
Rated Good burgers, they are very tasty , good option for quick snack. Ambience is also nice. Would recommend the place. .
Rated After being a loyal customer & huge fan of McDonalds, trying Burger King was like ditching my bae! 😂 But on a serious note, Burger King was on my wish list for a long time now & since it opened at Star Mall (Dadar West) decided to visit it ASAP! Order Large Chicken Whopper Meal with Cheesy Fries. Heard a lot of positive reviews about the whopper and was excited AF! Whopper had a bottom layer of crispy spicy chips, chicken patty on top of it, lettuce, tomatoes & mayo to finish it up. Whopper tasted quite mediocre. Though the patty was juicy and big but what actually the burger lacked was a good sauce/mayo. Cheesy Fries were served in a bowl and it looks stunning. You literally drool while staring at that bowl. But again the taste wasnt just right. IMO the cheese cream tasted sour. And because of the cheese the fries became all soggy and wet. Just not right. Overall I had great expectations from BK. But i was left a tad disappointed. Hoping to try other varieties from BK soon. Cheers!!
Rated Woooww !! Amazing kebabs Delicious.. Tasty Had pahadi kabab over their. When it comes to the ambience..points reduces to 3.5 Place should b more better.
Rated Very good food quality and service. The packaging is also nice. Would order it again in the future. The Mutton seekh kebab is a standout.....
Rated This place is on same spot where wraps & roll use to be. Ordered on last sunday. Delivery was on time. Ordered chicken manchurian, butter chicken and chicken malvani. Food was not worth the price. Chicken was not at all fresh. Taste was ok. Need improvement. Update: my dad & mom had stomach upset this morning. Dont get trapped in offers from foodpanda and TinyOwl & order from suh places you are not sure about.
Rated Quick home delivery. Nicely packed food with related accompaniments - chutney, onion, lemon or pickle. Have ordered numerous times. Both fish and chicken starters - fry, Tikka, kebab are fabulous and value for money. Also prawns biryani was good.
Rated Reading the reviews wanted to try this out so went to the outlet which is walking distance from my home. Took home chicken biryani and chicken malai kebab. The food was very well wrappd in plastic trays. Food was yummy only I found the biryani a bit spicy. Unfortunelately didnt take any pics as I was too hungry. Next time wil order at home and will visit them to try other stuff.
Rated Not an overwhelming experience but not bad either. Chicken barbecue burger was authentic. They chicken for Burger is frozen though. French fries decent enough. Have tried Crispy chicken burger as well but won't prefer it.
Rated Ordered their chicken biryani and it came in a very attractive plastic packaged box with a section for raita and salad. The chicken pieces were well cooked and the flavour of the biryani was good too. Took some time to deliver even though it is close to my home.
Rated Nice & Cozy eatery in Dadar West Your can easily miss out this restaurant as it hides behind trees and people walking at the busy Shaitan Chowki signal at Dadar West. Its a typical udapi-maharashtrian eatery. I love the dosas and medu wadas from here. My brother is crazy about their paper dosa, would like to recognize them for their Sambar...its tasty. They have a long list in the menu. The people are nice & friendly and generally the place is very clean. If you stay close to Siddhi Vinayak, I suggest go for breakfast here on one of your lazy Sundays
Rated Fingerlicious food and any time saviour. Wonderful home delivery services, very quick and any order. Really appreciate. Must try place. Mocktail juice is thumbs up.
Rated Sumptuous fare to vouch for!! Pav bhaji and veg burger a must try!! Easy on pocket and satisfies the taste buds!!! Love this place! Punjabi food is amazing and is quite popular in the locality!!
Rated Place very near to Dadar chowpaty and also college hangout. Tried veg kolhapuri and dal tadka is unbelievable price tag. Good service decent rates. Must try pavbhaji and veg. Kolhapuri
Rated My Phone call away food ... as I call it... budget option when mom is not around... Pav Bhaji n Utappa are the mostly ordered by me and dad loves the Veg Pulav
Rated My regular place for a sunday breakfast. Nothing over the top. Just like any other regular restaurant. Sheera is perfect. Cheese dosa another special on the menu Service too is pretty quick. Overall are good place.
Rated Standard fare when it comes to vegetarian food, but unwavering quality and reasonable prices. Their vada pao, pav bhajji, chole bhature and their veg. Biryani, along with their south indian breakfast items are quite good. The staff is friendly, and service as well as home delivery is super quick.
Rated Only worth takeaways. Food is good, nothing special. Good for ordering quick food when hungry. Also, main course is having good taste. Only worth trying if you don't have any other options...
Rated A woww place for seafood 😍😍 This is a small place tucked away in the narrow lanes of siddhivinayak temple. Given its huge popularity for sea food more often than not you would find waiting which can go upto hours, however, for what it is worth, its worth the while 😉😉😉 This place serves authentic maharashtrian malwani food which specialises in non veg and more predominantly in sea food. The fish is very fresh and yummy. Their USP dish is the "crab lollipops" which are to die for. Its altogether a different experience. Overall, a must try place if you are a true sea food lover.
Rated If you are a seafood lover, you should definitely eat here!! The ambience is mediocre but the food makes up for it totally. For the quality of food served here the price is quite easy on your pocket too. The fish thalis are favourite among the regular patrons, and they usually consists of fish/prawns curry, rice, chapati/bhakri,solkadhi and dried prawns koshimbir. My favourite here is crab lollipop and prawns pulav. The crab meat is fresh and the crust is delicious.Pulav is full of flavour and is served with a decent portion of prawns in it. The fried varieties here, too are well marinated and delectable. Apart from seafood, chaitanya also serves delicious mutton and chicken delicacies. Everything served here is fresh and flavourful unlike other similar restaurants. Definitely an all in one place if you adore konkani flavours. Kudos team chaitanya!!
Rated It is one most the most famous place for sea food. The ambience is not that great but the food covers up for it. You get a feel of eating home cooked food. One must try their surmai thali and prawns thali. Also their kolambi bhaat is good. If you come 2 chaitanya and not drink sol ladhi then you are really missing something. I totally love the place
Rated The joy of being in Mumbai and add to it the joy of eating the divine and delicious Malwani cuisine. Chaitanya you exceeded expectations the moment I walked in and saw the menu in Marathi. There is no more to say, when you belly is bursting with food, but you cannot stop eating because the food is so good!
Rated Haven't visited this restaurant but from outside it looks a very small place n nothing fancy....but seeing the reviews on zomato I placed the order... The food was spectacular!!! I ordered I fish thali with wade Chicken sukke Nanchani halwa Stuffed Pompfret The wade are malwani style puris are are little crisp n soft also very flavourful (taste best with chicken sukke) Chicken sukke was my favourite dish...It had many small bite size pieces of chicken with perfect marinate was very juicy.. The thali was okayish... decent but nothing happening. The stuffed Pompfret was with nice stuffing and fried till crisp golden brown. So people should go for individual dishes of placing orders for delivery.. ...
Rated I have been a fan of Chaitanya since it started off as a little eatery from near shiv sena Bhavan in Dadar. Its claim to fame was its super sized surmai slice which they claim to bring in from malvan. However somewhere down the line Chaitanya shifted to prabhadevi and for some time it dropped off my order list. So after a long time when pangs for malvani cuisine hit me, I decided to call in from Chaitanya again. I ordered the fried crab leg ( could not tell if it was reconstituted crab) prawns fried and surmai fry as a starter followed by kalwa(oyster) masala along with tandul bhakri and a portion of prawn rice. The food was quite good and nothing has really changed here the prices have gone up slightly however the quantity is good. I would highly recommend people to probably drive down there and eat the food served hot on the table. After all malvani cuisine does taste best fresh off the tawa. Pictures when I sit down and have a meal there. I don't like the look of home delivered food :-)
Rated If you are in Search of seafood paradise then you have to visit this place! OH MY GOD, how could I discover it so late and why it ain't popular?!! Go here and literally get lost in the wide range of items they offer in seafood and otherwise. We went there today and almost ordered all the things we thought of trying out. We had their crab lollipop, let me take a moment to actually explain to you how awesome this one is! If you have this you would forget the chicken lollipops!! Then we had prawns fry which was fine. Also bombil fry and bangda fry was really good. In the main course we ordered chicken masala and tisrya that's shellfish bhujne! Tisrya was good, chicken was nothing great! The jawala koshimbir is worth trying. Prawns biryani was droolworthy! ❤ Also they have really good variety in ice creams which are unique and fun to taste. They have fanas(jackfruit), jabul, chiku and many different varieties but the most unique and special was chilly lemon garlic! It's a must try, the ice cream looks exactly like cassata and you wouldn't feel anything special until you taste it! The green part of chilly is sooooo spicy you would need the lemon part to calm yourself and the garlic one just gives a perfect taste of it! It was a pleasure to visit this place and I'm definitely gonna try it again. Must visit for seafood lovers!
Rated Simple and mouthwatering fish dishes made in pure malvani/konkan style. The fish here is so fresh and beautifully cooked that will remain in n on your mind for really good long time... Extremely fab food.. Must visit!!! Fried fish, tisarya masala are to die for...
Rated Its an almost Pure "Non Vegetarian restaurant" except for a few veg Chinese starters. :P The food was good... we ordered three fish thalis with pompret , bangda and surmai and one chicken biryani. Bangda piece was a bit small... chicken biryani was good but it had many pieces of bone in it ... They also have a few Chinese items... Its a good restaurant for fish lovers .
Rated Chaitanya - A Place for Fish Lovers ! The food at Chaitanya is the best seafood you'll ever eat. It is located at a distance of 5 min from Siddhivinayak Mandir. From ambience to quality, the food is great. The best part is the service is quick. To add, they serve water in a proper Neon Coloured Tupperware Bottle - feels like home and different from others. The 4.5 Stars only because of the sweet ordered after the meal. It was not good. Waiting to grab Crab Lollipops. Will be coming soon !
Rated "Shree Krishna" A good restaurant located in Dadar good for fast foods,....Breakfasts whenever your tired from travelling in western line and your getting down at Dadar West so must visit hungry people taste is good yummy and feels relax after eating!!
Rated A neat place to have proper food! Near railway station!! But guys if yu are putting an open dosa counter please try to make it look clean at least :/ +points: +sitting arrangements +economic (not too economic) +cleanliness +taste is above avg -points: -service -chutney was horrible & cold
Rated I remember coming to this place as a kid and eating garam garam batata vada! This place still has awesome batata Vada. They serve it with some fried chillies. The Vada is perfection - not too spicy and tasty aloo filling inside. Even the besan covering is nice and wholesome - more on the thicker side but doesn't feel like a task to eat. And this is just Vada - no pav. Totally recommend this. Also try the kothimbir wadi when it's fresh and hot. It's amazing. And the moong dal bhujias too. This place has a lot of other things too - from sandwich to South Indian to chaat. But honestly I just come here for the Vada. Even the sabudana wadas and samosas are good. Basically eat whatever has been freshly put out or fried and you will love it.
Rated Shree krishna - Amongst the busy by lanes of dadar west, adjacent to an age old ideal bookstore shree krishna draws a large number of crowd for it's best known and popular snack - Batata vada! The huge spicy vada flavored with spices and herbs has gained glory to shree krishna since years now. All you've to do is bite into one of them when you're shopping around in the vicinity. Note - the size of the batata vada is quite large than the average ones across Mumbai. So until and unless you're sure to have a huge appetite don't bite into two of them! Apart from batata wada they've an elaborated menu comprising of chaat, sandwiches, pizzas and juices. Must try - sabudana wada Apart from their famous batata wada the second favorite here is sabudana wada. The whole place is managed by coupon system and no sitting area. So for the taste they offer all you've got to do is stand aside and relish. Ratings - taste only!
Rated #Living Oldies #Lil Hyped #Much Clean #Situated in backLanes of Dadar West #Walkable from Station #Obsessed Wrokers Order: - Vada plate(served with Coconut Chutney ) : Yumm.. -Kothambir Vadi : Buy Only if Hot -Dal Wada : Ok Ok -Sabudana Wada : Nice! #Lil Hyped #Worth the Try
Rated When i was a child this was a must visit destination everytime we (me & my parents) visited Dadar. my mom especially loved the batata wada and the sabudana wada. during my coaching classes time, i used to frequent here during breaks and by that time the menu had greatly expanded (it now served south indian as well as chinese). the batata wada cost had almost tripled along with most of the traditional items of their menu noting a similar rise. their batata wada taste is iconic. considering how closely it is related to mumbai street cuisine, i would suggest eating the wada here.
Rated There was a time when this place was one my favorite destinations to have wada and samosas but not it's quality has deteriorated. Most of the previous generation have spent their life enjoying huge hot wadas served here. The white coconut chutney along with it is superbly palatable. You must try wadas over here, alu vadi, samosas are also good. Everything over here is either good or decent, what i meant to say is nothing is disappointing. This place is bit costly for the food they serve but you will always find it crowded over here. This place runs purely on its fan base and other reason being the location. It is situated at prime location and with so many commuters it is bound to attract more customers.
Rated This place continues to draw huge crowds, thanks to its location. Food is fairly good, and with expansion and introduction of new items, the customer has a wider range. Bhel items are yummy. But the evergreen stuff is the gigantic batata wada and the tasty sabudana wada. Again taste wise there are better options but the popularity is mostly due to the location. thetimelock.photos
Rated I mean, like I don't eat here much or many things, but I just like their Sev Puri, and well I think, they're doing their job nicely. To put it in a way, I'm not completely fit to review this place, but I'm still doing it, anyway! Try for yourself.
Rated Had been recently to this place,it's a decent place with good food and Avg Ambience and they also have An AC compartment.. They Serve various Veg n Non Veg dishes but if you wish to have Maharashtrian kokani style of food den this is the place especially fish.. The only thing is if you have a good appetite then this place can be a bit heavy on your pocket as the quantity of Food you get per dish is fairly low n only one person can have that so there's no thing like you can order 2-3 dishes n share still you'll be hungry in the end😓 They Serve great Fish Thali's here btw.. So all In all this is a must go place for Maharashtrian kokani style food lovers n believe me it's worth it..
Rated Craving sea-food and low on budget? Gomantak's not gonna disappoint you. Visited this place for lunch. There's usually a long waiting queue outside the restaurant, but we were lucky enough to find a seat for ourselves in the usually packed AC section. Tried the Prawns masala, prawns fry, and pomfret curry. The prawns fry were crispy but dry. The prawns masala was just the way you would get at any malvani household. The pomfret curry tasted decent and had 2 big pieces of pomfret in it. The quantity of rice they provide per plate is less. To finish of the meal, we had solkadi. A big no for me. Overall a good place for one visit. Verdict: Ambience: 3/5. Food: 3/5. Service: 3.5/5. Value for money: 3.5/5.
Rated Heard about dis place nd being a foodie i had to go der to try out my tongue. Aftr arriving der we found out a long queue for waiting bt v git our seat earlier as dey have another seating at backside also. We al ordered for different thalis nd it was bang on. Surmai nd mutton thali were totally good to taste proper thali. I lykd it, although its lil away frm my residing place bt worth. Gud to go.
Rated Located on the busy streets of dadar, one of the oldest restaurant where you get authentic malvani food. It is a very small place where even if you try to get comfy you end uo getting pushed and have to sit tight in your place. They used to serve really good stuff, but we have had really bad experiences in the recent past. The fish is not fried properly or the gravy is too watery. Haven't enjoyed a meal here in my past visits. Hope they inprove
Rated Typical tiny seafood place, pocket friendly with sufficient portion sizes. The preparation is mostly Maharashtrian style. We ordered Prawns fry, Crab masala and Pomphret fry with chapatis. Ask for boneless crabs if you're not an expert at eating them, since they don't provide any special cutlery to break the shell. Highlight: Solkadi. It is DELICIOUS! Must try! :)
Rated Fish cravings for Sunday afternoon.. Head to Dadar for a satisfying meal. But wait.. And wait some more till you negotiate the long queues. One this hurdle has been crossed you are close to bliss. Home style, wholesome fishy meal, will leave you craving for more.
Rated Oh my god.... The fish fries... The thalis...e custard.... The vades....the sol kadi....amazing....u have to have to eat evrthing from here... Surmai Bhangda Kolambi Mudushi Mori Chicken Mutton Paplet Bombil Evrythings heaven yaar
Rated Mutton Masala Thali Chicken Liver Masala Thali Bombil Malai Kulfi Two of my friends in Mumbai took me to this restaurant for something different from the usual I always consumed. The menu looked quite interesting and I got the urge to have Chicken Liver. And there I was eating from my Chicken Liver Masala Thali half an hour later. Mutton Masala Thali was pretty good too. We accompanied our thalis with Sol Kadi which acted as a cooling agent in our meal. I wouldn't really suggest on the Malai Kulfi though. Food - 4/5 Service - 4.5/5 Decor and seating - 4.5/5 Ambience - 4/5 Quality - 4.5/5 Quantity - 4.5/5
Rated Decent place for thali and maharashtrian food! I ordered prawns rice which were ok and surmai fry which was yum! To end with ordered caramel custard which was nice! Non ac one had waiting and ac one just had 2 ppl! So if you want to avoid waiting opt for ac! Special mention to the fish thaliii! One thali with 3 different types of fish!
Rated This place is for sea food lovers. There are veg thalis but there is no much variety in it. Sea food quality and taste both are good but not outstanding. Service is quick.
Rated This review is purely based on the recent addition of the new Chinese burger. Which is nothing but the addition of 3 things bell peppers sesame to the buns and Schezwan sauce(more like flavored tomato sauce) to the burger. I personally dint like it as it was nothing that I'd spend on if i wanted to habe Chinese. I was not even close to any Chinese taste. So i guess not recommended
Rated One of the nearby outlet to me.. & it is worth w.r.t everything I wud say!! Once I completed almost max. of my project work sitting at dis place with a cup of MC_coffee.. A must visit outlet \m/
Rated Time 1320 hrs Me - feeling too much hungry... Located McDonald.. Experienced worst experience lol.. With McDonald before But i was hungry And then they faught for my hunger With full of stomach i feel good... This McDonald's us better than another Maybe.......
Rated Mcddd!!!! This is the only mcd branch which is near to my new college twice a week I used to visit this branch of mc Donald which is located in dadar opp to plaza cinemas in star mall pizza of this mcd is too good!!
Rated Inspite of many fast food chains in Mumbai... I have always loved McDonalds. My love is still intact may be due to the fact that I do not get Vegetarian Patty Burgers or do not have a single vegetarian Mc Donalds in China. So only when I am in Mumbai .ie. once a year.. I get to eat it. I have tried Kfc and Burger King... but nothing can beat Mc here n Mumbai. This mc is situated a the star mall opposite plaza cinema dadar. It is huge with a lot of seating ... not cramped liked many. The ambiance here is good and chilledout. Always crowded. The service is quick. I like all the vegetarian burgers here. The Veg wraps are good too. My favourite is the Spicy Paneer Burger and lately the Social Veg Maharaja Mc. The Veg Maharaja Mc is excellent. Crispy Corn Cheese Patty with cheese, jalapenos, onions, tomatoes and lettuce. Its Huge, Tasty and Filling.. priced at 159++. This McD branch is much much better than many other. It also has a Mc Cafe. A good place to chill.
Rated McDonalds is India's Most loved Fast Food franchise.! Have been eating burgers since last 15yrs.. What really surprises me is the Taste differs in every McDonald's Outlet..! Dadar outlet according to me serves the most delicious and well balanced Burgers & Fries which are rightly salted & served Hot..! This outlet is 200% better than Tardeo, Fort & Mumbai Central MC...! This McDonald's outlet is well designed & space utilisation is classic compared to the outlets mentioned above... Great work by Kedar Sadhale-Interior Designer of Dadar McDonald.
Rated They have mc cafe too and i love the pancakes here. This outlet is particularly very spacious and is still crowded most of the time. Service is comparatively faster and yes they pretty much maintain everything nicely. No complaining!
Rated Having lived in Dadar for all my life I've passed this hidden jewel more times than I can count. The place during peak hours is usually packed as it only sits about 12 people. Not much to look at but I was pleasantly surprised. The food was really good and for the cost it just soo awesome. Decent quantity and Fresh & Tender chicken. Definitely worth a take away or order in.
Rated Our go-to for ordering Chinese food when in office!! This place has an excellent variety of dishes, considering the fact that they only serve Chinese. It's perfect for those mid-week or Friday afternoon team lunches when you're looking for food that's filling, sumptuous yet easy on the pocket. The egg fried rice and chicken crispy have become absolute favorites! As have the paneer chilli and triple schezwan. Quick delivery, and ample quantity makes this an easy choice for lunch/dinner if you work/live in the Dadar, Prabhadevi, Parel or Shivaji Park area.
Rated Recently heard about this place through a friend and decided to try out the home delivery here. We called for chicken wanton soup and veg manchow soup which was really nice. The manager suggested we try the spicy crispy chicken and chicken Hakka noodles which was as good as promised by the staff. The chicken lollypop was excellent Overall the quantities were decent and the home delivery was quick and prompt. Shall definitely call from this place soon again. And extra point for the chicken lollypop.
Rated Soup N Grill is a nice, cosy place to head to, if you're craving Chinese cuisine. The service was warm, the menu was quite extensive and the food was an absolute delight! Since they also deliver in the nearby areas, we have had the opportunity to taste many dishes. We recommend the Sweet Corn Chicken soup, the Chicken Chilly Dry, the Crispy Potato Chilly Spring Onion and the Triple Schezwan Rice. Rest assured, you won't go wrong with anything on the menu. This place gets extra brownie points for its hygiene and value for money!
Rated Soup & Grill such a nice place for eating Originally chinese food. Nice taste of low budget. Love the chicken lollypop, chinken tripple & chicken manchow..what a taste!!!!
Rated Just opposite Kirti College this small place is more of a home delivery or takeaway place than a dine in place. The prices are really cheap and the quantity is huge and the quality is fine too. Chinese is what they serve best here and the options are quite a lot for such a small place.
Rated Soup N Grill is a really tiny joint tucked in the kirti college lane. This places has some really good Chinese food for the price you pay. Love the Triple Schezwan Rice here.
Rated The food is simply divine. Service is a delight. A small place with a huge heart. Great food with a feeling of homliness however my praises do not end here. Mr patil extended his hospitality to my pet dog as well and my fiancee and me were mighty pleased. Kudos to soup and grill. Worth every penny.
Rated Well I just love Merwans when it comes to cakes and pastries. I am thankful that I can find Merwan near to my place. And the demand is always high for all the items as it is located in a place like Dadar. You will hardly get anything if you go to this place in evening around 7:30-8:00 especially on weekends. There are hardly any choices of you go late. Fresh enough, cheaper than all other cake shops and awesome by taste.
Rated Last minute cake!! The cake which we had bought unfortunately got little smashed while on the bike. So we just rushed into this dadar outlet of Merwans at 9ish. Simple White forest cake, I did not expect it to be so extraordinary. So fresh and soft. The White chocolate shavings on the cake were literally melting in my mouth. So light and creamy.
Rated Amazing lemon cake and chicken hariyalli and tikka role it's like the merwan signature snack for me guys please try those rolls and also many varieties are there but I still liked those roles very much and lemon cake was awesome don't take brownie it's of no use not a good quantity for a good 50 bucks overall on you guys.
Rated Very nice place with all products which are pocket friendly. Must try its cakes and variety of pastries. This place is always crowded. And most of the items are bought by customers in bulk so check the availability.
Rated Favourite place for a quick snack at extremely reasonable prices. Don't need to go till Andheri to get the famous Chicken Puffs ;) Must try:- Chicken Puffs, Chicken Cheese Rolls and Thai Chicken puffs.
Rated We happened to go to merwans on Sunday at around 8pm.. Shop was easy to locate and I was super excited to taste the various rolls n pastries.. To our surprise all the counters were almost empty (it is usual especially on weekends which i came to know later) and we were amongst the few lucky ones who got few (but precious!) things to eat :) 1. Veg Kolhapuri rolls:- those were super tasty , I couldn't find out what exactly the fillings were.. Not very spicy as opposed to the name.. 2. Manchurian puff- extra fluffy, crispy , got tastier with every bite.. But did not taste like Manchurian at all! 3. Choco squares - small but heavy, gooey chocolate type, fresh .. Not too sweet , in short `PERFECT. Unfortunately we missed on pineapple pastries by just 1 min :( Definitely worth the try and pocket friendly place with fresh foods guaranteed!! Will be going there again, early in the day for sure!
Rated Ive been here a couple of times. Their non veg puffs are good and at a reasonable rate. Cakes and pastries too are available at a cheaper rate then other places. The staff is a bit grumpy ...they don't even give an extra plate.
Rated I did not know Merwans was in this part of Mumbai. Just happen to see it and a quick stop. Veg Puffs hot and Yum - absolutely delicious and one should take try it out for sure. Mawa Cakes - essence - please give this a miss , not worth Cheese Straws - Freshly baked with cheese and that Chilli taste , wow its just amazing . Maska Khari is another hit and very light and fresh. Will surely visit this place again and soooon ..... pricing is reasonable. in short VFM prithvishashar.wordpress.com
Rated I usually take away cakes from this shop. It's really good and the food is tasty. This new year we ordered snacks and cakes. The taste was good.
Rated New addition in my favorite joints for cakes and snacks!!! Been always a fan of Merwan's andheri but nowadays since this one has opened close to my house, i have said bye bye to andheri joint. The variety in the snacks is great... rolls, puffs just lives up to the desired taste!!! Its cheap and I can surely say damn cheap in comparison with the competitors in the area. The cakes are mind blowing and the staff has got excellent product knowledge. They know what they are serving and can make good suggestions. Recently bought a 2.5kg b'day cake and was astonished by the product received... tasty, fluffy, fresh, creamy and all the descriptions you would like to have in a perfect b'day cake... Great going guys... keep it up!!! Sj's Ratings: Food: 4/5 Ambiance: 4/5 Service: 4/5 ( Just as per you can expect at QSR ) Value for money : 4/5
Rated Being Malwani...i was curious to hav a taste of kolhapuri chicken...specially tambada and pandhara rassa...i was satisfied with the taste...awesome place for family dinner..now a days chinese is going on everywhere...but this places hold some specialities of Maharashtrian food and stick to it for serving the best and worthy food to the society..must visit...
Rated First of all I'm shocked with the ratings of this place. I mean food was really good. Order :- (Only Veg Items tasted) Paneer Bhurji (with Chapati) and Veg. Biryani Service :- Well not at all good service and for this only I deduct 1 Rating for this restaurant. Very poor service. Water which should be first, came after Paneer Bhurji came. Ratings - 2.5/5 Quality :- Well I and my friends loved both Paneer Bhurji and Veg. Biryani! Tasted exactly like what we eat at home. Veg. Biryani was the star with some tangy taste and spiciness! Ratings - 4.5/5 Overall :- A brilliant place not so attractive but a decent ambience. Service can be improved a lot! But Food was mind-blowing. Next time when I visit it will surely be a Non-Veg! Ratings - 3.5/5
Rated My friend who is the chicken lover had visited this place he has loved it.. Chicken Dhangari Meal and Chiken Kharda Meal was good with Bhakri and Rice.
Rated Spicy, tasty, lip smacking, delicious etc... You can add adjectives to the food and it won't suffice. After a long long time I had some real authentic taste in my mouth. Chicken Dhangari thali is a must try. It's a complete meal, includes the hyped pandhra and tamda rassa and it is to die for. It's such a simple home made kinda preparing u feels like home. Sadly the services makes a mockery of the food. Very sluggish and often confused. I had to literally call them 3ce for my order. But the food that comes after such a long wait is just too good. Also try vangyachi and batatyachi kaap. Wch make a gr8 sides. Highly recommend!
Rated Went with my friends as we were planning on visiting this place from many days. We ordered Chicken Dangari Thali along with jowari and rice bhakari.. the combination was superb..the chicken dhangari thali was superb which was complimented with taambda rassa and paandra rassa. The meal experience was good..Ambiance was good but the service was average as there was rush at that time. Truly Recommended for all .
Rated Went out for a quick lunch with colleagues to this place.. While 3 of us ordered non veg mutton thaalis, 1 was a veg thaali n some extra 'batata kaap' which is a rava-wrapped deep fried potato side dish. This is a very basic restaurant, nothing fancy about it. Even though the service is a little painful considering it mostly has offices goers coming in, the food is worth the wait. Delicate, melt in the mouth kheema and mutton dry. Definitely recommended. 👍
Rated Kolhapuri cuisine is synonymous to the spiciest and hottest cuisine with blast of flavours. Keeping the same thing in mind we thought of exploring this place. Nothing was fancy about this place. Simple interior with simple lighting and empty chairs. There were only two tables which were occupied at the lunch hour. We got seated and started deciding our course. We ordered for Chicken Dhangri plate and masala plate. We wanted to try this with jowar bhakri but it wasn't available so had to settle for chapati which we eat everyday at home. Taste wise both the dishes tasted almost similar only names were different. Chapati was like a paper. Experience wasn't that great. Average.
Rated The place is known for Kolhapuri cuisine and especially for its Tambda & Pandra rassa. The place is easy to find, the ambience is good the servers are not professional servers and ignore many times. The restaurant is known for Chicken Dhangeri Thali. The Thali is delicious. They serve chapatis instead of wade or bhakris or need dosa's. But the chapatis were delicious, soft, nice texture and hot. The place is very nice to have a proper Kolhapuri meal. The Tambda and Pandra rassa is very tasty. Just squeeze a little lemon in the Tambda rassa and it tastes very very delicious. The fish Thalis are also good as well as the fish starters. Overall had nice food with friends and the place is good to visit again. 😀😀
Rated Being Maharashtrian and a non vegetarian by choice, i had to visit this place to try the famous Kolhapuri cuisine. 'Kolhapur 0kms' roadside sign welcomed us to this spicy food heaven. We ordered a chicken fry thali and mutton sukha thali. Chicken was well cooked with generously used kolhapuri spices. Mutton was superior to taste than the chicken thali. Tambda rassa and Pandhra rassa, the two famous curries are a must try. This place has limited options in sea food and are not worth a try. The rice options are limited as well. Service needs to improve. There are many aspects in which the quality needs to improve, service, management, seafood, rice dishes are some of the few. Otherwise this is a good place to satisfy your meat cravings.
Rated what to say...i was tired after shopping at dadar wid my family when my frnd suggested dat we shud go to sujata... had d world's best crispy pakodas after ages...the tea tasted great and d kothambir vadi was awesome.... so whenever at dadar sujata is a must try
Rated Located near Susrusha hospital this is a restaurant which is good for dinner. He veg menu is very vast and the taste is moderate. Paneer dishes are well cooked here.
Rated Went to this place on Sunday evening. As I heard some good comments about Sujata I went there. It was not that crowded. I ordered cheese pav bhaji there. It was not that great. Taste didn't satisfied me. I had pav bhaji in 10 mins. Waiter gave the bill. The bill was then paid. I was still sitting there so that waiter came to the table and he was like sir are you done? People are waiting outside. I saw that even other tables were vacant but still the waiter asked to get up. And when I came out it, I didnt find anyone waiting outside. That was bit insulting and rude. I think they should be polite enough to treat the customers. Had a bad experience.
Rated Went here for a quick lunch and tried out their Sujata special corn and butter roti. The gravy was good but nothing great . Next ordered for dal fry with rice which was okayish. It's a pocket friendly place and can be visited if in the area nothing extra ordinary !
Rated It was a late dinner choice of going to Aswad which had a waiting of 1 hour. Walked down to overfresh and got to know abt their waiting time of around one hour. Hunger led us to Sujata and it was not that bad choice either. Ordered paneer tikka masala, kashmiri kofta, stuffed parathas and other side dishes. Quantity for three is truly good. However did not find a wow factor taste wise. Service was quick and food was decently presented. VFM factor is good, but they could do something abt the taste.
Rated Sujata has been a popular eatery in Dadar. People around me have talked a lot about it when I wanted to know what good places Dadar had to offer for a foodie. Sujata happened to us when the whole of the weekend went into an utter waste and we wanted good food to help us get over that feeling. Hence, Sujata. We reached the place around 9:45pm only to find it decently crowded already. We were asked to sit in the corner-most table which was near the washroom arena. We didn't complain as the other seats were taken and we wanted some food to go down our gut. Here are what we had ordered- 1) Kanda Bhaji (Onion Pakoda) - Somehow the attendant at Sujata heard only 'pakoda' and made his own conclusion to serve us a plate of Paneer Pakoda. I don't even like Paneer. After a heated argument that lasted for about a minute or two, we got our desired plate of Kanda Bhajji and it was amazing! 2) Dal Fry w Butter - This tasted pretty blunt although it was nice to look at with all those coriander and tomato garnishing. Looked better than it tasted, actually 3) Butter Naan - A little too chewy but does the job anyway. 4) Butter Kulcha - This one was perfect though. Didn't seem like a pre-made one and tasted pretty fresh. 5) Veg Handi - The veg handi was nothing unique either but it did send out a good aroma that made me expect a little more out of it than I would usually have had. The service at Sujata is not appealing at all. First, the attendant gives us a wrong order and when he was informed about it he blamed me in return that I had said Paneer Pakoda in lieu of Onion Pakoda. That simply put me off and ruined the experience of Sujata in my head. After all, we are paying for a service and not hogging down free food. So, being rude is the last thing we would expect out of it. For the service, I wouldn't recommend it. But, the food was decent enough to not recommend it either. 2.5 stars it is! I wanted to give it 1,5, but I am a very forgiving person. *winks*
Rated Another udipi restaurant and has been here at Dadar for a decent amount of time. My recent experience here was somewhat ok but I have been here a couple of times and based on that the ratings have been given as 4. The restaurant service is good, food is good and value for money. If you are looking for something quick, you should always head to a udipi kind of restaurant. Generally the place is frequented by not only people staying in the area but also by people who have come to visit a patient at the nearby Shushrusha hospital and hence the place does get crowded sometimes even on weekdays. This time when we visited during evening time for snacks, we had Onion Uttappa, Wada Sambhar and Tea. The uttappa was really big, wada was not fully cooked and tea was excellent. Overall Sujata has always been a decent place to have food.
Rated Best place for north indian food in low price rate ! Staff is very friendly. Must try Paneer pakoda.... Quality 4/5 Quantity 4/5 Ambience 3/5
Rated Staff is decent. The place is old but serves decent food. Quantity of food is good. They serve Chinese, south Indian etc. It's okay to try out everything here. They have a decent menu. Chinese food is above average. Must try their dosas if you are around.
Rated Good place to eat near Dadar station... Great place to have dine with family... Neat & clean unlike few restos in Dadar... Perfect for veggie people... Don't expect something interesting or different... Common dishes are served... But never disappointed.
Rated Quick review for a delivery! A indo Chinese craving led me to order from here ..... I stuck to the basics a chicken triple schezwan and a peppar chicken for a starter. The triple schezwan comes with a fried rice and a sauce.... Fried rice was nice and flavourful with chicken and egg in it ..... Schezwan sauce wasn't nice .....lacking the soury flavour completely.....more like a coloured cornstarch mix. The pepper chicken on the other hand was flavourful with a punchy soya garlic black pepper flavour but the chicken was hard and a bit chewy. Not a pleasant experience on ordering from here ..... anandtiwari.in
Rated It is difficult to find this restaurant, it is near Siddhivinayak temple, in the petrol pumps lane. One of the best place I have been to recently. The place is quite small but the food is awesome. I ordered Chicken Mongolian, garlic burnt mushroom, Chicken Shantung(gravy and rice), Steamed rice with Thai gravy and my absolutely fav sizzling brownie. The food was really tasty, there are many options from which you can choose and many of them you haven't heard from. Do visit once.
Rated Great taste! This place is near by shri siddhi vinayak mandir and as name suggests they serve fine quality of Chinese cuisine... I loved the taste though its a small restaurant But worth trying!
Rated The first thought that comes to my mind for this place is ' do not judge a book by its cover ' The place is small with decent interiors and located in the lane opposite to siddhi Vinayak and you could easily miss it so better go with google maps. Coming to the food we ordered for two soups and a pot rice. Both the soups chicken sweet corn soup as well as the manchow soup were amazing with the perfect quantity of chicken and flavour. The chicken shatung pot rice was served with brocolli, zucchini, babycorn and mushrooms all the veggies I love and at the same time it was spicy as well so it was a hit with me! Love the place as it has the taste and is totally VFM!
Rated Just right next to siddhivinayak temple, the tag line "Chota packet main bada recharge" suits this outlet perfectly. Never imagined that the food would be so great. We had ordered one chicken sweet corn soup and chicken manchow soup, well both the soups were perfectly made, the quantity of chicken, corn, everything was perfect. Then we ordered chicken shantung rice, reluctant to order it first but my would be wanted to try it, so was left with no choice. Well it was something I couldn't crib about. There were loads of vegetables in it tho, but the taste was amazing!!! I would surely love to try other things at this place asap. I hope with the kind of quality, taste they keep on doing their business n keep their customers happy. Ohh yes and it won't pinch your pocket as well.
Rated I have no doubts in giving this place a 5 rating purely on the basis of the food. They serve amazing lip smacking chinese dishes. I am someone who loathes Chinese food always. It's even better than gypsy hotel placed nearby I.e. Shivaji park imo in regards to the food taste. I suggest one should certainly try out for grt Chinese food
Rated Small package big deal.. good food at a decent price. Not much of pom show in the place... average ambience ..u won't be let down for the quality and taste
Rated Been here before also. Food taste is yummy. Place to visit again N again. Service is good. Today's order is veg Hakka noodles not Kung pao prawns
Rated This place is exactly behind siddhivinayak bus stop. It is one of the BEST CHINESE restaurants around the area. Their quality and quantity is exceptional!! Have been going to this place since last few years and their service has remained very good!! In soups their sweet corn chicken soup👍 n man chow soup are good. From their starter menu I love👉 threaded chicken👈 ,chicken ponchai, Crispy chicken ,chilly chicken,👉chicken lollypop👈!! In the main course they have many options too chicken shanghai rice👍 n chicken fried rice are good with diced veggies chicken in barbecue sauce or chicken in sheuzwan. Have also tried their Korean rice (chicken) was a good combination!!
Rated We ordered in from here today. One Mutton thali,One Chicken Sukka, One Bheja Masala and Prawns Pulao. The pulao could have had better rice I feel. The prawns were enough in number but not mixed well. Only the upper portion had prawns and lower only rice. They had added 3 fried prawns too at the top, they were lacking in salt. The Chicken Sukka consisted of chicken pieces in spicy thick gravy. Thali came with Mutton curry, chapatis, spicy gravy and sol kadi .We opted for chapatis instead of rice in the Thali. The thing with Malvani dishes is , you need to get your spice quantity just right or it just kills the coconut flavour. The balance of this and salt in their food wasnt up to the mark. The Bheja Masala too was strictly okay. They dont score in terms of quantity offered for the price either. The Sol Kadi was very good.The chicken , mutton and prawns were all well cooked and delivered within 30 minutes too. But the taste didnt appeal to me. I wouldnt say the food was bad as such but rather it was unremarkable. Much better options available in vicinity.
Rated After reading the review from zomato today I visited this Malvan katta...nice ambience...small place but really well maintained. Chiken masala...bangda fry was awesome...good quantity and Bheja Fry was ultimate...mouth watering literally...awesome food...loved it...will visit this place again :-) :-)
Rated Not on the main road but just walking distance from main road, very famous with the locals and sea food enthus. This place is best for authentic malwan food. Best for seafood lovers, tasty chicken, mutton also there. And little of veg. And yes they serve Misal Pav & Solkadi too. I had chicken masala gravy, with chapati, dal & rice, my friend had bombil fry, & another fish gravy dish. It was tasty and authentic in town. Must try.
Rated Long queue at gomantak made me hunt for another sea food place in dadar! A local suggested Achrekar's malvan katta. Its a small place and has a very simple setting. The host was very friendly and courteous. There was some amount of waiting but the food made the wait worthwhile. We orderd for a crab thali & a prawns masala thali with rice bhakris. The bhakris were deliciously soft, light & melted in our mouths. Crab was cooked to perfection. I could bite my way thru the shell. The shell was done properly and wasn't difficult to be cracked with my teeth. The gravy had a perfect crustacean flavour to it thus ensuring the fact that the crab was cooked in the gravy. Soul curry was cool and fresh. Crab wasn't too spicy nor too bland thus making g it fun to eat. All in all it easy one of the most amazing places that i have had sea food at. Not too expensive and very good food. Will go a zillion times.
Rated This is awesome place if you want to taste real seafood. The space is not that big but comfortable. We tried Bombil fry, Mandeli fry, Surmai fry, and Chicken Thali. All Dishes were good.
Rated Acharekar's Malvan Katta was a happy surprise to me on one hot sunny afternoon. The restaurant has been here for a while but somehow I never ate here before. It is located in a private residential building and from outside it wont even look like a restaurant but there 3 different rooms to serve the large number of foodies and yet the waiting is surprisingly larger. The food is amazing. I mean only few restaurants in Mumbai are authentic Malvani and this place is definitely one of them. Fry fish, Fish Masala, Fish Curry, Chicken Masala and of course who can forget the 'Sol Kadhi'. We tried it all and loved it all. When we left the place, my wallet still felt heavy and my heart filled with satisfaction of having a wonderful lunch. The things that stopped me from giving 5 stars were the service and ambience. Service could be much more attentive whereas in the area of ambience there was lot of lout chitchat from other customers which was really disturbing at a point. But I'd recommend anyone to visit this fine restaurant for great food.
Rated The dish i ordered was prawns pulav Worth Rs185 And the rice used was low quality and even their wer no prawns in it The food was not worth the price!! The service is slow like we all where the water also!! Nothing was great :(
Rated Small little cozy place, just a minute away from my place, seating is limited, you'll usually have to wait for 15 minutes, food is absolutely amazing, seafood and malvani food being my first love, I'll suggest you eat here if you love simple yet delicious food.
Rated Small yet Amazing ! This restaurant is more than amazing in regard to its taste.. From the name itself this place will remind you of Malvan, which is a town in Sindhudurg district. Ranging from Chicken, Mutton and Every type of Fish ( you name it and they have it :p ) they wont disappoint you with whatever dishes they have. I visited this place in Navratri, still there were many dishes which was not available as the place was crowded even before it started in the evening.. Even though it is situated in a small lane in Dadar (w), its one of the toughest competitor to the all famous Gomantak situated in the same locality. People trying to find ambiance please stay out of this place. Its eating place is basically a house, with around 6-7 tables and surprisingly it is air-conditioned making it look like a restaurant ! ( which i found it to be rare and extraordinary ) Talking about the food we ordered, Mutton Thali, Tisrya Masala Chicken Masala, Egg Masala and some chapati's. The service was fast and quite friendly too. The food was tasty, it had a nice flavorsome of malvani masala. Solkadi was my favourite ;) Felt like home. Sea Food lovers will love this place. A good family outing place for the non-vegetarians :)
Rated Very bad. Didn't like it at all...not worth it. Pathetic. Best to avoid it. Much better seafood places to go to in Dadar. The fish in s just not cooked properly.
Rated Stopped by here 'cause a friend wanted some upma (or upum - something like that) but they only serve it during breakfast so ordered some idlis and mehndu vadas instead. Super quality and crazy quantity. I emptied 1 plate of idli and a plate of mehndu in a bowl and the quantity was so huge that it looked like a bowl filled up for a hungry dog. Very good quality and I paid about 200 for 2 plates of each and struggled to finish 1 plate of each. Definately a go-again place.
Rated Best Dining Experience Always, Be it Snacks, Dosa Varieties, Juices and the cherry on Cake is the Veg Thaali..Typical महाराष्ट्रीयन delicacies and Sabzis served on the Plate. My Mouth Waters even while about it.. Its a True Sumptuous Thaali where they Serve you Hot Puris and Three Sabzis, One Sweet Kheer, One Raita, Awesome Daal(tangy, spicy, with grated coconut..typical konkani), Roasted Papad, One Dahi VaaTee(Curd Cup) and Plain Rice...You Can ask for a 3-Puri Plate against Rice if you are THAT diet conscious...but the rice makes the thali meal very complete... Other Marathi Style Reciepes like Thalipeeth etc are welcome for Good Breakfast..All in All You Come out of this Place with Great Content Feeling ie तृप्ती!!
Rated Central to dadar market... stands trupti... ready to cater to any hunger pangs in d middle of a shopping spree..!! With a heritage of 50 years... trupti is known for its marathi cuisine and punjabi dishes alike. Their typical maharastrian lunch thali is a safe bet... with bhaji,kosambari,dal, a sweet and an option to choose between rice,masala bhat and pulao. All of the dishes taste fine and are pretty healthy. The menu in itself is a delight for vegetarians... and most of their snacks like batata vada and watana pattice stay true to your expectations. A good place to visit if you want a simple meal and can put up with some waiting time.
Rated Hello all the veggy, here is a place for to try some famous not easily available food stuff like dalimbi ambti with jawari bhakri and many more. That's my favorite dish so I mentioned it ;) A Warning: NO PARKING available, so park at your own risk around. PS: ***** stars for taste !!!
Rated An OK place to be, this restaurant is quite well located in the heart of the local market. Thal peeth and kothimbir wadi were quite good for starters but the main course is an average one with less taste. Well do not try the dry fruit falooda there, it's not worth a try.
Rated Was in dadar few days ago for some personal work and decided to visit this place since there was no other option near by . Since it was lunch time there were many people waiting outside . We had to wait a good 25 minutes or so to get in. The place is small with few tables. The staff will not give you time to relax and will promptly hand you the menu . Don't expect any kind of courtesy by the staff, they are just there to serve you as quickly as possible and get you out as fast as they can. The waiter spilled some water on the table while pouring it in the glass but he did not bother to wipe it at all , he just turned and left. Ordered alu wadi which was okay, kinda sweet because of the tamarind and jaggery . It was soft rather than crispy. Next up was paneer mashroom tawa masala,dalimbi usal and roti The tawa masala was again okay , it lacked the typical tawa masala taste and had huge pieces of un cooked tomatoes in it. The tanduri roties that were initially served were kinda hard but the second round ones were very sift n fresh. The dalimbichi usal was again sweet and not upto my expectations, may be its just me..because many people in the restaurant were enjoying the food and most of them had ordered the maharashtrian dishes which seems to be the restaurant's speciality. Will visit this pace again to try their maharashtrian dishes .
Rated very nice food at reasonable rates... we were totally satisfied wid d big thali that was served...amazing marathi food... value for money...
Rated If you craze for Marathi style matki chi usal ..masala bhath you have to come here. You can find good economical Maharashtrain food here . Satisfies my puneri feels
Rated Bang Opp Plaza Cinema rests this cozy Maharashtrian Joint. They now serve a variety of cuisine, but it is best known for Marathi Cuisine. Try Gulpoli ( jaggery version of Puran Poli) and Pithala with Rice Bhakri.
Rated Neat, Clean , pocket friendly restaurant offers Fresh and Authentic Maharashtrian food. Cooperative Staff. Quick Service. Visited many times. Had Maharashtrian thali (tasty n fresh), Vege Crispy (scope of improvement), Garlic dosa (home made taste, nice try) , Paneer Biryani (Delicious) , Faluda (good). And All time Constant and favorite Dish from here Kharavas (Must try).
Rated A good coffee place with some good spread of desserts. They also some home made adrak chai. The chocolate shakes are good too. It's a lively place with outdoor seating facing the road. Love the vibe of this place
Rated One of the amazing place. It was a surprise bday treat of our friend. With contacts we already got to hold half red velvet cake. The location was a bit difficult to find. But overall the ambience is good. The waiter was well mannered and made us feel comfortable and did the needful for birthday celebrations. We enjoyed the cup cakes. The crockery were very good and classy. Di Bella is amazing always.
Rated Been passing by this Cafe since months now and finally went inside and tried the famous Waffles. And how heavenly was that experience !!! Food is alright but I can definitely come back for the nutella Waffles 🙌🙌
Rated Coffee & waffle paradise. This place fulfils all the criteria that makes a good cafe. Splendid menu. The food, oh the food. Lovely. Literally orgasmic. I bet any offer that you order here won't leave you disappointed. The chocolate hazelnut eclair is something I'd personally suggest since it's the perfect balance between sweet and savoury. Service was great even at Rush hours. It's a prime location easily accessible and totally worth it. The only amendment that'd make the experience better was if they included a few more options for the vegetarian population. Apart from that, I'd highly, highly recommended di Bella.
Rated Di Bella had been pending for me since weeks and weeks all together. This Sunday along with my bunch finally managed to Go and Mark my Attendance there as here one else had already been there. But as they longer the wait ; the better and best Egg-less Waffles. Waffles are the Rock-star or should I say ; the Most Talked about Dish for Di-Bella has been by far its :"Death by Chocolate" Waffles So we did not waste ant minute and ordered the Kit-Kat Ones right Away. After the Time Waffles made an entry to our Table ; We were all in the Moment of Silence and without looking left; right and center just hogged with everything possible. Forget about clicking one of my friend did not even get to taste the KitKat Ones. Such was the Swag of Waffles :) After that we were in the Stage of discussing the : Talks about the Chocolate and the Fantasies of that Taste and Chocolate Texture which gives you that velvet touch kinda feel it gives your Mouth as it swims with your neck down !! After Which I looked around and found some Amazing Colorful Pics displayed which tempted me to click the Pics of the Decor but We are not allowed to Click the Ambiance which just nailed me a bit as the Decor was just Too Cool. The Staff was a bit Slow when it came to cleaning the table as the plate was just laying there and we had to actually Call them twice. We ordered the Ferraro Rocher Waffles later which were again loaded with Ounces and Ounces of Chocolate with My fav. Ferraro Rocher Chocolate accompanied by Chocolate Ice-Cream and Cool Whipped Cream. One Heavenly experience. It was a Delight in every Bite. Yes yes, how can I not discuss Pics ; initially I had Made the Proper Table Arrangement for the Waffle Shoot but once the Waffles came I couldn't stop myself to indulge in the Chocolate Swim but once that was over ; For the Rocher Waffles I completely enjoyed clicking it from every angle :) actually endangered my friends from Eating it as I badly wanted to click Pics. Can you see those Half Waffles !! Sinfully drenched Plates. After which are the Ferraro Ones ; clicked clicked and clicked. The Bill on Pocket was decent enough for a bunch of 5 Friends.The Overall Experience was Way too Enjoyable and Amazing as It brought us Friends together after such a long long time. Mineral Water was priced really well :) it was 10 Rs for 500 ml and the Packaging of the Water was to die for completely.
Rated Awesome ambience. Love sitting on few of those tables which are open to the sky and are facing the road. Kit Kat shake , Hot chocolate etc are perfect. However one should not miss out on the waffles !! They have almost 25 waffles for you to choose from. The staff is extremely polite and courteous. Would certainly visit again and recommend to others
Rated It's superb. Especially don't miss the peanut butter frape. It's amazing along with its friendly staff such as Atul and others. Perhaps the only flaw would be that most of the time there is no space to sit!
Rated Sea food lovers paradise, chicken lovers dream and foodie heaven 😍 that's how I can summarise this place! It's a no fuss no frills restaurant that serves authentic coastal ie. mainly konkani and goan cuisine. Don't let the location or outside area fool you. I was sceptical about eating here as it has a typical restaurant and bar sort of a setting. But ladies, u can order a drink and enjoy with delicious food!! All starters are equally good but special mention to tisrya suka (clams masala dry) and stuffed crab...Perfectly spiced and we'll done. Even though this place is famous for coastal cuisine, I tried the chicken spring rolls and prawns butter fry.. Equally good 👍 The chicken saguti (xacuti) and vade are tasty and spicy; just the way it should be. Try meen gassi with neer dosa, you won't find many places in mumbai that serve it this authentic. The service is quick and the servers are helpful. Overall total value for money and 100% satisfaction guaranteed thenomadicgourmet.com
Rated Good place..good food.. the stuffed chicken pomfret was just brilliant.. they had stuffed it with malwani coconut masala.. surmai fry was ok..not too great.. Next we ordered for mutton rogan josh.. was simply yummy.. less pieces of mutton though but gravy flavor was killer.. had it along with neer dosa.. must try for all fish/malwani lovers
Rated I don't understand what is so good about this small creepy and unprofessional staff restaurant has to be so much celebrated. You can avoid it
Rated Great food. Great sea food. Though I am not a sea food lover but I can definitely say sea food lovers should surely visit. Had the mutton thali and prawns koliwada and they were both delicious. The gravy was rich and thick with the spices blending beautifully.
Rated Recently discovered this little eatery in dadar. What I liked about this place is the flavor in their dishes. It's nothing great but you can certainly visit this place when your looking to have a quick bite. The seafood here is good you will get your money's worth.
Rated The place is quite famous, I was surprised to see fancy looking place when I arrived there. The lights inside scream shady. But the Place itself serves food that is par excellence. The thali'a s are brilliant and the menu has a lot of option to choose from.
Rated I'm a personal fan of jai hind, as its one of those few budget friendly restaurant's that serve liquor and yummy sea food in Dadar. Being a popular place to have family dinners or even normal rendezvous with friends this place lives up to the sea food hype. My personal favourites are the prawn pulimunchi accompanied with neer dosa, stuffed bombil and the clam sukka. Even their tandoors and fish thalis are good, I'd give their muglai gravies a thumbs up too. I don't do Chinese in such joints so I don't have much to say about the Chinese food. If you're visiting soon I'm sure you'll love the overall vibes this place has to offer. Bon appetite :)
Rated Visited the place last night. Great ambience with the fish tanks. The basa tawa and paneer chilli dry were very tasty. The portions were also good. Liked the fresh lime soda also. The Thai curry and plain rice was also yummy. The gulab jamuns for dessert are very tasty. Great place for a meal.
Rated This place is phenomenal......been here twice. Unlike lower parel jaihind lunch home this one serves liquor and so the crowd here is mostly group of men over drinks and some delicious food. Highly recommend bharla bombil,prawns pepper garlic,chicken sagoti. Dont bother ordering a biryani its below average. Ambience is decent crowd isn't the best but food is why you would want to come here again.
Rated The burgers are lip-smacking delicious. Had ordered 2 veg burgers and were both outstanding. The delivery boy had forgotten to bring the coke bottle I had ordered but one call to him, and he promptly returned with a store bought bottle. Good. Others would have probably ignored.
Rated I was craving a really nice and juicy burger... With no home delivery option available from any of the generally popular burger joints, I decided to try a new place... The result was... It was totally worth it!!! I ordered one juicy burger and french fries... The bread and the chicken in the burger was really soft and fries were crisp. Good place to go or order in if you are craving a nice burger.
Rated Fatboy's Kitchen is one of the finest late night eateries i have been to. Its tucked away in a very narrow lane in andheri west. Locating that place is a task. It has a really nice feeling to the place. They mainly do deliveries but they have a few tables also. It has a limited variety of Veg varieties but they are quite enough as of now. We ordered a Veg Dynabite and Veg Black Beans in Lime Sauce Burgers. They tasted just superb with french fries served in the side. Then we ordered a Veg Sloppy Sandwich and a Veg Potato Cheese Popers Burger. I particularly liked the sandwich which had BBQ sauce and it made it nice and spicy. At the end we finished it with a Kit Kat Nutella Shake which nice and rich and chocolaty. Now i am looking forward my next visit and trying out new things there. Fatboy's just added a really tasty option to late night eats for the city.
Rated Good Place for Burgers, would suggest go for Delivery only. Barbecue Chicken Burger is Good, also add French Fries with Cheese Delivery on time
Rated This is indeed a late night saviour, getting burgers of this quality late at night is not possible anywhere else. But it doesn't mean the burgers are better than all others. One night we ordered a chicken blackjack burger and a dynabite veg burger along with blueberry ice tea. It arrived real soon and was nicely packed. Veg burger was good with nice fried patty with cheese and seasonings. Same was with chicken blackjack. Its chicken patty was great and fried eggs did wonders to the overall taste of burger with romesco sauce. But sadly the size of burgers was not very huge considering the price they charge and if you are quite hungry you may need two burgers to satisfy yourself. Ice tea was superb and indeed the best thing in order. In all its a very good option for late night delivery, but not really a value of money. You can get better burgers at many other places. My Rating: 1. Food: 3.75/5 2. Service: 4.25/5 3. Value of Money: 3.5/5 neverknowsbest.in
Rated As few people have called it, it indeed is a late night saviour. They take orders till 2am and deliver by 3am. A late night hunger pang led us into ordering from here. Went for the Veg burger, BBQ Wings, French Fries with cheese and Potato Wedges. They're known for their burgers. The Veg Burger, that came with loaded two crisp potato patties, lettuce and mayo was pretty good. Not the best burger you're ever gonna have, but you can't complain when these guys deliver at such wee hours. The patties were crisp fried, but they could have been a bit more generous with the mayo and sauces. Potato wedges tasted like Potato bhajiya that you would find off a local street vendor. They came all soggy, and devoid of taste. BBQ wings were burnt, and smelled funny. Plus they were absolutely lashed with BBQ sauce. Dripping and all that. French fries with cheese too had gotten quite soggy. Packing is very run-of-the-mill, they could be a bit more imaginative. Despite all this, I guess this place does serve it's purpose. That is delivering food in the late hours. Might try their chicken burgers next time. And their shakes.
Rated Late Night saviour, delivered in 35 mins against promise of 50 mins on a weekend night. Had ordered chicken black jack and kit kat Nutella shake. Burger was good to be honest, not sure if it was genuine taste or hunger pangs at 1 am. It was definitely not legendary as the word is around. shake was too good..But will definitely try other options in the menu and so should you :)
Rated Feeling Hungry at night just call Fatboy’s Kitchen. Cravings for burger by 2 p.m. , no problem just call Fatboy’s Kitchen. You will get your food parcel within 20-25 minutes at your doorstep. The place is famous for its great and juicy burgers in affordable price. These guys took their last order by 2.45 pm. About the food, I have tried many items from here. Recommended Dishes: Starters : Chicken Wings and Spicy Chicken Balls with Tartar Sauce Burgers : Trust me, all burgers are the best , juicy and very filling. Specially mentioning Black Jack Burger, Classic American Chicken Burger and Juicy Lucy Burger. The patty was good in size and delicious. Fatboy’s burger will never disappoints. Sandwiches: BBQ Chicken and PO Boy sandwich. Fatboy’s Kitchen is a life saviour of many hungry souls in Andheri . I don’t think that any other place will serves awesome burgers like this place. Just they have to give more focus on their packaging part, otherwise food is mindblowing.
Rated Spent some time in Malad 2 weeks ago for an official meeting cluster, this was one of the restaurants we had our team lunch in. It is pure vegetarian and has a cozy family dine ambiance. Price and quantity are perfect fit making it a brilliant casual dining choice. We had a plethora of dishes,the only ones I can remember right now are Penne pasta in arrabiatta sauce (so very spicy,good in taste), Mysore Masala dosa (good but sambhar was inclining towards sweet!), Paneer makhanwala (hello calories :D so tasty and buttery!), Channa masala (too much masala, I had just one spoon), onion kulcha and butter naan (both splendid). Our lunch was paid for by office but even on our own we wouldn't mind paying for really good and satisfying food :) Good enough for a repeat visit if I am in the area. celebratemybeautifullife.blogspot.com
Rated Nice place with typical but tasty veg food. Decent veg Chinese food, really good fast food items. Must try their Palak khichdi, dal khichdi, masala pav(comes with a cheese option too). South Indian food too is nice as usual. Keep up the quick service.
Rated Was an odd day, and then too had to wait for 10-15 mins at 9:30 PM on the clock. But, yeah, that's fine. The food I'd say, was okayish. Mushroom Manchurian contained a lot of garnished garlic, which messed up the taste. Me, being a mushroom lover. So the overall food quality anyway was 2.5/5. We ordered the Schezwan Noodles, which were great.
Rated Been here for office lunch. A normal restaurant. But quality of food is good. Even the quantity goes with their prices. Just on the link road. Good place to grab some normal lunch or dinner with family.
Rated Greens is your typical run of the mill family vegetarian restaurant. Atleast once a month when none of us at the office is creative enough to think of a new place and when we're famished and just want to hog good food, greens comes to the rescue. The food is cheap. We get corporate discounts. The food is delicious. The quantity is plentiful. What more can you ask for! ;)
Rated Family dining. Mainstream punjabi food lovers can drop in here for dinner. Visited twice but nothing so much special about it. Need to improve a bit on service side.
Rated Greens is just located on malad link road. It's pure veg restaurant with ac and non ac dining halls. Simple restaurant where in you can have South Indian,Indian and Chinese cuisine. It's recommended to go for Indian and south Indian only. They are also fast in delivery. Generally the food is delivered in 40 minutes. Worth money and quality food ...
Rated Greens is one of those udupi restaurants that dot the city. The menu is pretty much what you expect anywhere - dosa, idli, sandwich, chaat and greasy Indian curries with naan and roti. Malad has tens of similar restaurants but what sets Greens apart is their no fuss approach. In all the years I have lived in Malad, a call to Greens takes less than a minute - they pick the phone, ask your address and what you want and plonk it down. 20-30 minutes later, you have lunch or dinner or whatever you wanted. I truly haven't found an app that beats their efficiency. They also stay open pretty late so it's a good option to have post 11 pm when most people stop delivering. Don't be too adventurous though. Order their dal khichdi or a palak sada dosa. I've also had colleagues who swear by their masala uttapam, complete with mashed spicy potatoes. bombayfoodie.com
Rated We visited Quesso to sooth the Italian hunger that builds up pretty frequently in me and my friends. Having heard so much about the Italian here and after going through the reviews, we knew this was the place to be at.Quesso is a family restaurant. Yes that would be my first point about it. We were the only non family people here. The place is a little compact too with the tables being placed too close to each other that one can over hear the other tables conversation. The music is too low to be heard. There is a buzz of noise of people talking all the while you dine. I suggest they increase the volume up to counter this buzz. Music would anytime be better than that.Now, the food. I may not be able to express it out here properly, but well, I am excited to talk about it! We had ordered a Wild Mushroom Broth and a lasagna. Let me tell you, the Wild Mushroom Broth was divine! My eyes went wide open and I was surprised that it could be so bloody tasty! The buzz, the families, the atmosphere, everything was forgotten after that one spoon of broth. I can go on and on about how tasty it was. A must try! Then came the Lasagna. It was obvious after the broth that the lasagna would be of superior standard and ofcourse, it was. Perfectly made. Perfectly presented. Perfectly yummy.A broth and a Lasagna was more than enough for two of us to fill up our tummies and go back home with a happy face and satisfied appetite. I want to try their Mexican and Thai too. Thanks Quesso! :)
Rated By far the best restaurant for vegetarians. This place has an expansive menu with loads of varieties in Italian, Mexican and Thai food. The ambience out here is really good. Quesso has a well stocked bar too. We ordered an Heineken beer, smirnoff vodka and some whiskey. Coming to the food, we ordered the Hummus and Pita triangles, Baked Mac n Cheese and LA fajitas. We absolutely loved each of the dishes. Perfectly cooked and unlike anything one could expect. Being a cheese lover, I could definitely say that the baked mac n Cheese was one of best I've had. For desserts we ordered the Belgian Chocolate Surprise Ball, the Blueberry Cheesecake and the Chocolate bomb. The desserts except the Blueberry Cheesecake were delicious. Overall, the place is definitely recommended to all. Food: 4/5 Ambience: 4/5 Service: 3/5
Rated I went here on my birthday honestly at first was contemplating since this place is too far from where I stay but Dan I really wanted to visit this place and I am so glad I did. Loved this place to bits the only drawback being it's over crowdy and noisy. But I had a great evening the quantity and quality of food is just so amazing. We started with nachos the best part of the dish was guacamole my most favorite loved this a lot. Next up was smokedillas this again was served with guacamole and bang on tasted the best. We called for spiced guava and Envita. Last was the blueberry cheesecake and we loved that too. In all a good place, great ambience, great food quality and quantity and I am definitely visiting this again.
Rated Mama Mia. Well finally something close to authentic ITALIAN cuisine. Well must give these people a kudos for maintaining consistent standard in cooking and quality. I would definitely recommend the Ravioli stuffed with ricotta & spinach, in Alfredo sauce. It is great and tastes awesome. Ordered the vegetable lasagna which was over salty for me but was cooked to perfection. But will definitely recommend.
Rated I know they have Thai food on the menu, but sometimes it's best not to push your luck. The ravioli was amazing (although the guy on the phone took too much time and the attitude of the guy on the phone wasn't helping. I had to explain the concept of pink sauce and pay extra for it. On top of that, the food came long after. The Khao Suey and som tam salad were a disaster. But the ravioli and garlic bread were amazing. The creaminess of the ravioli sauce made me forget the annoying conversations I had to endure to have it but the Thai food was far below expectations and definitely not worth the money.
Rated We recently headed out to Quesso to try their new menu. The food is decent, the ambience is great, presentation very unique and different. The Sangria, cheese corn balls, crispy lotus stem, blueberry cheesecake and chocolate ball/fondant arent to be missed. ... Read full post on foodiesofindia.wordpress.com
Rated After hearing a lot about this place, we decided to stop by and try it out. In a few words our experience was very refreshing and relaxing. The ambiance of this place is very subtle and understated and relaxing, perfect for dinner dates with dim lights and a comfortable setting. We reached around 5pm while the place was empty it starts filling up at around 8pm. What we ordered- Jalapeno Cheese Popper- These are served with salsa sauce. A delicious dish, perfect mix of melted cheese with jalapeno. One of the best Jalapeno Cheese Poppers we have tried. Mexican Cheese Fondue-They have an impressive variety of cheese fondues and we decided to go for the Mexican Cheese Fondue. It was a mix of cheese with jalapenos, olives, pine nuts, sundried tomato and corn. The quantity of cheese served is very low compared to the quantity of breads, along with this there was a mix of vegetables served. Mix Sauce Pasta- Suggested to us by our server and it turned out to be really delicious. We had the Sangria red wine and as there was happy hours we got one plus one, which was a good deal. Lastly we had the Quesso’s Surprise Ball- A big chocolate ball inside which there was a brownie and chocolate mousse the ball has to be melted by adding hot chocolate on the top which opens the ball and reveals the surprise. Another great dish. This place is overall a must try, but it is a bit heavy on the pocket. They have an extensive menu so there is loads of stuff to try. A great place for vegetarians.
Rated This was my first time at this place.. Had been wanting to try it out since a while but didn't seem to happen.. Finally I made it.. Ambience wise they are decent.. I feel the lighting could have been better.. We ordered a Mexican fondue,minestrone soup and jalapeño poppers to being with.. The fondue was decent and so was the soup but the soup wasn't hot enough which was a turn down.. The jalapeño poppers were a disappointment.. This was followed by a round of Sicily pizza,lasagna and Mexican brown rice.. The pizza and brown rice was mediocre but the lasagna was definitely a highlight.. Frankly the lasagna was the only dish I thoroughly enjoyed.. All in all it wasn't all that great an experience.. I have had better Italian cuisine at other places..
Rated A new Italian veg restaurant around the corner of a street in andheri West! The place is located on the main Street and is on the 2nd floor. The ambiance is simple and elegant. The service was extraordinary. The Stewards were kind enough to ask how the dish was after being served. Their suggestions are recommended before deciding to pick the best of the lot! We ordered a Mexican tortilla bean soup which was simply delicious. It was little spicy with beans and tortilla, something very new for me to try! Along with the soup we ordered cheesy chili garlic bread which was also very tasty. The chilis were spicy and tasted great! For the main course we ordered for a ravioli pasta with rosso sause (it's a mix of Alfredo and arabiata sause) and to top with mushrooms and broccoli. It tasted the best! I have never had such delicious pasta in India! And this pasta seemed be the best dish of the evening! Food- 4.5/5 Ambiance- 4/5 Quantity- 4.5/5 Quality- 4.5/5 Service- 5/5 Plating- 4/5
Rated Quesso is a great restaurant for vegetarians who love Italian and Mexican cuisine. The restaurant also serves Thai food with limited options to choose from. The ambience is excellent and they arrange candle light dinners once/twice a week. The staff is courteous and service is quick. Captain's suggestions are good and worth trying.
Rated So went there on a Sunday night randomly and I am glad I did. Tucked between a few shops this place is small but has some Amazing stuff. We had a few cupcakes and also a chocolate shake which was so good we ended up ordering a few more. Lovely stuff and pretty clean and hygienic. They have a few tables to sit there outside and inside. You can even order for your customised stuff. Overall it was a fun experience good taste and perfect sweet chocolate balance for all their stuff.
Rated This one was on my wishlist since very long and finally I visited it. The cupcakes here are simply amazing. You get an option to eat the cupcake as it is or have it as cupcake icecream or cupcake shake and you'll love the cupcakes in any form. Boston Redvelvet and Nutella cupcake are personal favourite.
Rated The Boston cupcakery has yummy cupcakes from red velvet to oreos or simple chocolate, what i love about this place is you can just way your cupcake or make it a small meal with things added to it which makes it perfect , usually cupcake places have many things to offer but together only Boston does it right so far .
Rated Toooo sweet , can't handle but good for someone who love sugar , it's crazy amazing concept , full marks to be taste and very good delivery service Most desired brownies and cupcakes with filling do go out and enjoy 🎹
Rated Ordered cupcakes via the new improved ordering function of Zomato and absolutely loved the experience! Seamless and quick delivery. The cupcakes absolutely lived up to the top billing that many others have rated this - ordered a Nutella cupcake and a red velvet one. What I absolutely love is the brown paper box it came in. Good going you guys!
Rated The Boston Cupcakery is here to revolutionise the cupcake scenario...with truly innovative concept of converting cupcakes into shakes and ice cream, dessert lovers like me will percieve cupcakes now in a new light. I tried red velvet cupcake icecream. A cute cupcake sitting on a bed of yummy butter scotch icecream complete with a chocolate straw...Sinful!
Rated Although I've never been to the place, all I can only review the taste and quality aspect from this gem of a place. Discovering it here on Zomato.. I ordered a variety of cup cakes and some cup cake ice creams as dessert after a nice dinner. My current fav is the Nutella cup cake ice cream! ❤️ also to die for is the sea salt caramel cupcake. It's become a regular dessert for me these days since. Can't wait to actually go and check out the store.
Rated Love the ice cream cupcakes over here. They serve it in small cups. The cupcakes are topped with whipped cream, ice cream, chocolate nutties and nuts. My personal favourite is their ferrero rocher cupcake - delicate hazelnut flavour that you receive amongst the rich, dense chocolate. Another cupcake that I would recommend is their nutella cupcake.
Rated I am a big fan of red velvet so definitely tried the red velvet cupcake.. It was amazing! The other cupcakes i tried were chocolate ganache, nutella, peanut butter cupcake, chocolate blueberry!! It was perfect.. You should definitely try this place! I have not tried cupcake ice creams.. Only the cupcakes!
Rated I know I've already done a review on joss just a little add on. Had the mango chilly prawn, Korean taco, last night at joss. It's to be added to their menu today I was lucky to get a taste of it before it was added to the menu. Trust me of like me you're bored of joss now go have these tacos they're the best mango chilly anything I've ever had the crisp taco the perfect prawn all of it goes together really well.
Rated One of the Asian restaurants on my check list. Eventually booked a lunch table through Wow Tables. On offer was a four course meal of appetiser, dimsum, mains and dessert @ ₹1600 per head. While the flavours and taste of every item was near perfect, the tasting portions were just that...., barely able to satiate the palate! The chosen main came with an additional (rather large) portion of veg Thai green curry, and steamed rice. As we were 3 diners and the complimentary curry was common, we requested that it be packed for taking away. We were politely but firmly informed that this could not be done. What a waste of good food!! According to me Joss offers good authentic Asian food, but the prices are over the top for tiny portions eg additional portion of Thai prawn with black fungus dimsum 3 pcs @ 390 plus taxes .
Rated Nov 11: The location of Joss is actually not so good. However, once you enter, they have made it in such a manner that the outside is not visible. We had booked for Diwali dinner. The place was full and buzzing. The ambience is nice - not too bright and not too dark and dull. Coming to the food, it is damn good. We had 3 starters - barbecued cottage cheese, pepper and balsamic mushrooms, sichuan pepper crusted potatoes and pan grilled potatoes. Each of the dish was superb - in taste and presentation. Even the humble potato dish was superb. The Khao suey is a must try here - super taste. Even the thai green curry was well made and really flavourful. Among desserts, we had the smoking permitted chocolate cigar and the disappearing dome. The presentation was again top class and the taste was super. While the food, ambience and service is superb, the same can't be said of the prices. The prices are on the higher side. While, i will surely return, the frequency will be low due to the price factor.
Rated Time and again this place never lets you down The only factor is price ,else the food , taste , ambience is perfect for family outgoings and celebrations I had called to reserve the table for 4. It was mine wife's birthday and they happily served a nice complimentary big pastry with a message !! Kids did enjoy dimsums and soups . The starters were awesome and rice / noodles with entree were perfect
Rated The flying buffet was a disappointment. It did not include any sushi or sashimi variety. The ambience however is wonderful and romantic right down to the well designed toilet cubicles. Sadly joss did not impress us with the most important aspect of a restaurant that is its food. The main course was very average and we expected at least an exotic desert but all they could offer was brownie and a scoop of ice cream.
Rated The restaurant has a superb ambience,with mild music. The food was very good.we had ordered the buffet lunch.Firstly the soup was perfect in taste only thing it was too hot other wise very good,The starters main course and the desserts were too good.the list is attached herewith.
Rated Brilliant place!! Visited on my bday for the 1st time and boy o boy, we were so happy that we took this step of taking friends for dinner to Joss. It has beautiful interiors, its very spacious with ebough room between tables so u don't get disturbed neither u disturb others with your banter :) We ordered for veg dimsum platters, chicken habanero spiced, barbequed cottage cheese for the appetisers & we weren't disappointed. Chicken was spiced perfectly. It was as hot as it should be, the cottage cheese was mildy spiced and was soft enough to melt in your mouth. Dimsums dont need a spl mention as they were steamed perfectly & had quite a mouthful of fillings. For the main course we ordered pad thai noodles, garlic fried rice & khowsuey. The noodles and rice were delicious & had a bag full of flavours. Khowsuey was a slight disappointment as it was a tad too sweet for our liking!! Overall, a superb place for pan asian food. A must visit for pan asian food lovers.
Rated We ordered a sea food Sushi Boat and a Hot Pot with Chicken. The presentation of both the dishes was very good. Probably to keep the symmetry in the presentation of the sushi, in the prawn sushi roll row, the pieces on the side had full size prawns while the centre ones had just prawn meat. The Hot Pot was full of flavour. The quantities were good and the serving staff attentive and helpful
Rated I have been a couple of tyms..dis place has amazng food..music is average..the has a rooftop where dey serve sheesha..gud ambience Wud love 2 visit again:)
Rated Was looking for a decent place to have sheesha and got the recommendation by Pritesh Patel. Place has a very good ambiance and friendly staff. Had Pav Bhaji Tostadas and Peanut Butter Chicken Seekh both were amazing. It's a good place to hang out.
Rated Good place to hangout with friends and family. Food is OK. We had ordered non veg platters and curry which was good to taste but a little expensive.
Rated A place with a difference. Food is good but would like to give 0.5 marks extra for the presentation. Out of 10 dishes ordered, 2 were ok and the rest were all good. Ambience is nice. On weekends, table reservation is recommended or else be prepared for a 45 min wait.
Rated we r goes in spare kitchen in my colligues birthday celebebration .Amazing ambiance love the bar & the self contained aqarium lining all around the restaurant is just so eye soothing..appteizers were average but main course was amazingly delicious! Had a very good time .we ordered the Coorgi Paneer, Rajasthani Lal Maans, Tandoori Paratha, Mint Lachaa Paratha, Garlic Naan and Tandoori Roti for main course.overall good time spend with my colligues and my frndss,...
Rated Nice family restaurant.. Interesting food options very well presented dishes. Has both indoor and outdoor seating. Screening of sports also available.
Rated TL;DR : Tasty Food, Awesome presentation, Nice Ambience, Reasonable prices and Friendly staff. The place: It's located near Prithvi cafe and one of the best things about them is that they offer valet parking. I automatically start liking a place when I don't have to sit inside thinking whether my car will be towed :P The spare kitchen has 3 main areas of seating: 1. Outside : the smokers zone, I guess. Would be decent in the evening/ night but the heat would be unbearable at lunch time. 2. Inside: classy interiors. A long fish tank that's runs across the restaurant. I sat here. 3. The even more inside: club lighting. Long sofa type things in a curved shape. Ideal for a larger group. Reservation recommended. The music: Decent enough. Not too loud. They cater to a family audience. They did play some Coldplay so I was obviously happy :) The service: The most friendly staff I've come across. They as soon as we entered we were welcomed with a smile and shown to our table. The service was quite prompt. Before leaving they were nice enough to ask us about our meal and give us some complimentary mouth freshener shots. The food: And now for the most important part. The food was amazing. We ordered: 1) Wok tossed chili garlic chicken: This is a must have dish here. The quantity was great and the taste was just marvellous. 2) The chowpatty platter It's amazing how they design it and it's so beautiful that you don't feel like eating it. But taste wise it's a but meh. Pro tip: Recommend it to the people sitting at the next table. Have a look at it when it comes to their table. Let them eat it :P 3) The Nizza That's what they called their Naan pizza and it was absolutely delicious. It had a thin crust Naan base with sixteen spice chicken on top and mozzarella cheese to top it off. I strongly recommend this. 4) The gooey chocolate brownie A classic ending to the great meal that we had. The brownie was hot and moist with vanilla ice cream on it. Just the way I like it. The damage: All that just cost us under 1.5k. 1.5k for a full meal for 2 in a locality like Juhu and with such facilities and ambienc... Total value for money I'd say! Conclusion: I strongly recommend a visit to this place. I really look forward to dining with them again.
Rated Quite unlike me giving a high rating without actually trying out a place but I gotta say the lasagne was excellent! I think it surely has gotta be one of the best I've had so far. And to know that this place is just a stone's throw away from where I live! Will surely check out the place as well as more items soon! Good job folks
Rated An awesome place to hangout with friends. A small cafe with great food and excellent service. Everything we ordered was just superb from starters to desserts. One of the very few places where I actually like a sizzler.
Rated This is an amazing place to hang out with friends. Either drink a beer or eat full dinner, if you wanna have fun then this is the place. Food is tasty and very well presented. They have some new things on their menu too. They ensure proper taste of any dish if you tell them specifically. Garlic bread, baby corn salad and pesto is a must try here. We had so many dishes and drinks. Hawaiian drink here is also a must try. In general, we liked the taste and quality of food. Service is efficient. There are not many people for the same but they can manage the whole place even if it's full. People are friendly and well aware. Ambience is extremely cool and a little kind of sporty look. They have awesome paintings around and good light effects. The tables and sittings are comfortable. It's not that big place but it's quite good. The best thing is they keep UNO cards on each tables, it's the best way of doing time pas until your food is ready. Music is light, sporty, dj mix and rock. It's a good place to just sit and chill and talk and play! Step in for sure, you are gonna enjoy your evening. Overall, I would rate - Food : 4/5 Drinks : 4/5 Service : 3/5 Ambience : 4/5 Cost worth : 4.5/5
Rated Firstly, it's too small! You might pass on the road a lot of times and yet miss out the location. Next, unclean thick plastic glass of water. Further, the old look interior is a fail. Board games and card games, torn and unmaintained. After digesting the environment, you dare to order. They went wrong with basic corn cheese balls, the appetizer! It seemed undercooked. Penne arabiata was decent and the garlic bread, I wondered whether it was roasted or they just chopped the bread and served. To end it sadder, they loyalty card scanner was not working to avail the visit points. Skip this place like a boss! Better places available in Mumbai :)
Rated Chose this place because of it's proximity to the Versova metro station since we had to be back before the last metro. It is a quaint cafe located on a not so busy road of Versova. The interiors are done well and the place can accommodate about 25-30 persons including both the outside and the inside sitting area. Although it looks a tad bit different in the photographs, the interiors are still impressive. Until the food arrived on the table, we played UNO with cards kept on the table. There were a couple other games kept on each table to pass time until your order is prepared. We ordered Jalapeno Cheese Nuggets for starters. The texture was fine and the taste was what we had expected out of the dish. For drinks we ordered Lover's Delight, Quench and Roy Rogers. Lover's Delight and Roy Rogers were pretty similar in taste with hints of milkshakes. However Quench was a refreshing drink. For main course we ordered Veg Delight Burger and Veg Paneer Steak. Both of them were decent however the size of the burger was small, which led us to order the latter. I mentioned this to the manager when he asked for a feedback. Burgers in general tend to be a meal on their own in most places. However, the size here was small and it resembled somewhere between a mini-burger and a proper-sized burger. The filling too wasn't very juicy and the burger tasted a bit dry in spite of having ordered it with extra cheese. The Paneer Steak was good though and is recommended. Finally, coming to the management. The staff is warm and patient. Services are timely and they do not give a chance to complain. The manager asked us to review the place on Zomato with both the positives and the negatives about the restaurant. All in all, a decent place to hangout but nothing extra-ordinary. Can meet up a friend when you guys want to chill and catch up.
Rated It's a small joint in Versova oppostie Gajalee with a cute decor. Perfect place to spend a chilled out day with friends as they also offer a variety of board games along with some amazing delights. Overall summary of our experience: Fish and chips-4/5 Crispy Chicken Schezwan-5/5 Yorkshire Chicken Lasagne-4.5/5 Nutella Milkshake-5/5 Cost- 5/5 Ambience-4.5/5
Rated A small eatery opposite gajalee, its a great place to chill with friends. A good variety in food and beverages. Crispy chicken schez, a lasagne, fish n chips and nutella shake was what all we had and all of them were upto d mark. Our personal favs being nutella shake n crispy chicken schez. One of best things here is the table games. Had an amazing time here and will definately recommend it to friends.
Rated Chill place to hang out with your foodie friends! As you enter, you'll be amazed by the interiors! Beer bottle chandelier, Bob Marley paintings and foodie quotes etc. Very creative indeed. The food is nice. I love their cheese chilly toast. And a dish which had chicken and olives in green sauce. Tasted brilliant. The brownie milkshake is yummy. I ordered a sizzler, was decent but quantity wise felt less. Also, they have board games for us to play while enjoying meals.
Rated Situated diagonally opposite to gajalee, walkable distance from versova metro stn..awesome food..cosy place, pocket friendly.. exotic veg pizza and minestrone soup were super delicious..any combination of adjectives wont justify describing the grt food..
Rated Had dinner at countries connection on Sunday night on a friends recommendation ... it falls on the left hand side of the road which comes once you take a right from infinity mall in andheri west.. while entering this place I really had my hopes down coz the first look did not excite me at all however the food and service was a excellent surprise ... Had the mohito and two other mocktails, the nutella one was good. For starters had the nachos with cheese which was yummy and the garlic bread with cheese which was excellent ... crispy bread loaded with cheese. In main course had the triple screen fried rice which was good and the chicken pasta in Alfredo sauce which was the best dish and would highly recommend it... They serve with a smile which makes it a pleasant experience . Going back for sure
Rated When we talk about culture, which is a word used to explain the way of life, always differs from person to person, State to state and country to country. Different countries have different cultures, languages, etiquette, taboos and varied culinary traits. The concept of culture is very complicated especially when it comes to its food and taste. Food habits are often shaped according to the geographical, historical, economical, and ecological characteristics. And to study and bring them all under one roof is a serious task by itself followed by tweaking the same to an taste acceptable by our local palate. Countries Connection is one such place which has the amalgamation of different regions and religions. We started the meal with a hearty 'Manchow Soup'. Lots of carrots, spring onions, garlic along with chillies which added the punch to the soup was liked by all on the table. A manchow soup is never complete without topping it with some crispy fried noodle. All of us licked the bowl clean. The single vegetarian was given quiet an importance on the table. So next çame in the ' Hara Bhara Kebabs'. 8 fried green tikkis laid neatly on a plate along with a tangy and spicy green chutney and lots of salad. Even this was a little spicy but I guess everyone on our table loved the spice and didn't complain. The kebab actually stole our hearts and even the non vegetarians seemed to enjoy this dish. The kebabs for a change were not melt in the mouth and one could actually enjoy the slight crunch of the veggies. Since the table was dominated by non-vegetarians, Thai Basil Chicken made its way as starters. Perfect flavours from the basil, tempered with other spices made this one of the best. The juicy chicken was devoured within seconds. Chicken Harissa Kebab was up next. This Tunisian Hot Chilli Pepper Paste made primarily from roasted red chilli peppers was somewhat okay with the taste and flavour. The marinade could’ve been a bit spicier according to our palate. A never seen in the starter section before came the 'Cheese Garlic Nan'. A buttery nan soft due to the cheese and with chunks of garlic topping. This gave us the feel of having an Indianised pizza. Great innovation to the basic. Then came a massive wooden plate with amazingly plated ' Veg Sharwama' along with fries and 4 dips. The shawarma was stuffed to the brim with veggies, baked beans, cabbage, Mayo and lots of seasoning. These came with the best chunky salsa ever had. There was something so deliciously prominent about the salsa that we loved it. The other dips offered were the Mayo, mint mayo and tomato ketchup. Though we found the shawarma a little soggy but can't totally blame the chef, it is us who take our own sweet time to click pictures. But had the crust been a little more cooked and the stuffing a little less it would have been a win win for all of us. Finally done with starters, but almost full we were ready for the mains. But before that we ordered for some innovative cocktails. They were the ‘Kairee Potter’ and ‘Frozen Margharita ka pyaar’. All of which had a totally different and distinct flavour and were very colourful and beautiful. For the mains the non vegetarian were served the ‘Chicken Handi Laziz’ with 'Butter Roti’. Soft and succulent pieces of Chicken in a mildly spicy and creamy gravy. We wouldn’t mention this as the best, but still worth trying. Vegetarians were served the 'South Western Chipotle'. A complete meal of its own. A platter with soft buttery rice sitting on a bed of creamy sauce tossed with veggies like brocolli, carrot and some soft cottage cheese. The sauce was chipotle but of the creamy varient. It was not too spicy and very pleasing to the pallet and full of flavour. The rice was topped with 2 crispy cheese cigar rolls and fried onions. Overall a never to miss dish. Another main course for the vegetarains was the 'Mexican Enchaliddas'.Soft Enchaliddas' enveloped within refried beans, and veggies sat in a bed of red saucy gravy. A portion of Mexican rice was served along with it. The rice was loved by all and tasted like the wai wai noodle. A very interesting platter and the quantities were great, rather large. This dish was again served with the same chunky salsa. Full to the brim but not everyone can resist desserts. Though our fellow Foodies insisted that we were quiet full but also agreed to split one dessert amongst all of us. So we called for the 'Blueberry Cheese Cake'. One of the best ever had. The base was very unique and different and not the usual biscuit crush. It tasted of dry fruit crunch. The cheese cake was a nice, thick and heavy one. But we were glad we dint miss out on this even though we were really full. Once done we also got the opportunity to meet the chef/ one of the 5 partners of the restaurant. He , as we were told and we witnessed personally cooks for his guests. So unlike many places he does not sit around but is found in his work station , I.e. the kitchen only. An enjoyable evening with great food, lovely new people and a heartfull of great memories. We thank Sanjay for organising this fun evening and look forward to many more such meetups. guiltlessfoodies.wordpress.com
Rated Countries Connection or C2 is located at diagonally opposite lane of Infinity Mall, Andheri. So, finding a place won’t be a problem. Ambience is quite okay, but they have tried their best to make it nice and clean. The place isn’t that big, but they have very comfortable seating arrangement and lovely music will surely cheer your mood. As the name suggests, the concept of the restaurant is global. This place is fusion of 5 different cuisines i.e. North Indian, Chinese, Mexican, Italian and Asian and coincidentally this place runs by 5 different chefs. So, no doubt they would be serving simply awesome food. Mocktails: Kairee Potter: First of all I must say they have kept very creative and innovative kind of names to their mocktails. So, if you heard name of Kairee Potter or Frozen Margarita ka Pyaar it looks very funny but you really want to try something different and surely you will order this. Kairee Potter as I feel its too sweet for my taste buds, but you can try once. Frozen Margarita ka Pyaar: Its ice crushed drink with flavor of your choice from Peach, Strawberry or Green Apple, I took green apple flavour, it was quite refreshing and looks nice too. Food: Veg Burmese Soup : What a delightful way to start an awesome meal !!! The soup has a unique texture and really an unforgettable flavor. I simply loved it. Must try dish. Chicken Harissa Kababs : Its Hot n spicy chicken kababs which simply tastes mindblowing. It looks like chicken tikka but if you are kabab lover, you would surely get the difference between Harissa and tikka. Harissa Kababs will surely give you the kick of the spice. Thai Basil Chicken : Yummy too good. Meat is Succulent and flavorful . The flavour was so subtle and mild exactly opposite to Harissa Kabab. I would recommend people to have both chicken starters if you are meat lover. Hara Bhara Kabab: Nice and crispy. Chaat Masala on the top of it makes this wonderful dish more chatapata. Cheese Garlic Bread: The cheese garlic bread here is one of the best garlic bread I’ve had in recent time. It’s worth a try. Cheese Garlic Naan: Awesome presentation and it serves us as a starter. Butter on top and melted cheese and garlic inside. Do I have to say more ??? Crispy and delicious!!! Veg Burritos: Burritos is Mexican dish filled with veggies and melted cheese. Burritos are always filling and yummy, but simply love their salsa along with Burrito. Chicken Handi Laziz : Medium spicy boneless gravy, cooked to perfection goes very well with Butter Naan. Meat was Juicy and Tender as it should be. Mexican Enchiladas: Stealer of the day. Enchiladas are my favourite thing amongst all the items I’ve had. I actually was very surprised at how good this dish turned out. I highly recommended this one. South Western Chipotle: It’s visual delight for eyes. Veggies, Cottege cheese cubes, Butter Rice assorted with lipsmacking chipotle sauce , topped with rolls. I just love the concept and execution. Everything in this dish looks so pretty and delicious. Blueberry Cheesecake: It will burst into your mouth as you bite into a slice , one of the best cheese cake I’ve had in recent time . Not too sweet, just near to Perfect. Perfect way to end a meal. Overall, no doubt Countries Connection serves great food at amazing price. Quantity as well quality of the food is nice too. The staff is courteous and helpful. Also, we had a great time with Chef Vijay who is mastermind behind this place. I am sure this place will never disappoints. Highly recommended from me. Also, you can avail the discounts as they have small spinning wheal.
Rated Countries Connection is the brainchild of five passionate, experienced and well travelled chefs and is located in one of the most happening suburbs of Bombay – How can this not be right and I assure you, it definitely is! The restaurant which offers a wide range of cuisines is the perfect place to go to for larger groups where food choices are varied. Located close to Infinity mall, Countries Connection is a place with sweet service and good food. Coming to the food, now I am usually not a big fan of multi cuisine restaurants but with this eatery, the story is different. Everything from the Asian and Indian to the Mexican and Italian is good on the palette. In the Asian menu, the manchow soup and the Thai basil chicken are a must have. Sour, spicy and hearty, the soup is flavourful and can surely cure a sore throat. The Thai basil chicken is a fantastic starter with strong, aromatic flavours of garlic and sweet basil. From the Indian recipes, the cheese garlic naan which the restaurant serves as a starter is a heart stealer with garma garam fluffy, crispy naan topped with sinful butter, naughty garlic and melted cheese – a must have dish if you are at Countries Connection. Chicken harissa kebab with the marinated chicken cooked to perfection is another mouth-watering starter if you like your meat hot and spicy. Also good is the chicken handi laziz, a flavourful, medium spicy chicken curry, enjoyed best with butter naan and onion salad. If your choice of food is green, then the crisp outside and soft inside hara bhara kebab is a tasty dish to try. From the Italian fare, I highly recommend any dish with basil pesto for it has a beautiful flavour and fragrance that only a chef close to his roots can get – you don’t get this good a pesto at too many places in Bombay. For the Mexican food lovers, like me, the south western Chipotle is a gorgeous dish with cubes of cottage cheese and exotic vegetables in a complex chipotle based sauce served with mild sautéed rice, topped with two vegetable chipotle rolls and crispy fried onion slivers. The layers of flavours and textures that this one ignites is laudable. The enchiladas are also a great dish to have especially because of the stunning Wai – Wai noodles like flavour of the rice and salsa with an undertone flavour of green chilly served with it. The one dish that I would not recommend is the vegetable burritos for they are rather sloppy. Countries Connection does not serve alcohol but there are various places in the vicinity where you can have your drink and then simply walk to this restaurant. They do however serve a lovely cranberry and kafir lime mocktail, perfectly refreshing for Bombay summer months. For the dessert, I have tried the blueberry cheesecake and the base is heavy and dense for my liking but the blueberry compote served on it is a good balance of sweet and tangy. The service is sweet and well intended. With a little more training and grooming, they can perfect this area. The ambience of Countries Connection is warm but it needs a little tweaking and some additional elements to make it more interesting. Price wise the restaurant is a grab for the quantity and quality of the food they serve is fantastic. A meal would cost about INR 500 - 600 per person if dining in and about 400 per person in case of a takeaway. I recommend Countries Connection if good food is what is on your mind.
Rated I visited this place with my colleagues hoping to discover a hidden new gem given the rating it has. Unfortunately i did not find anything up to the mark. FOOD: 2/5 We tried atleast 7-8 different dishes including the minestrone soup, the manchow soup, the burmese soup, C2 special fondu, Shangrilla rocks chicken, Lamb patty with Blueberry sauce and tandoori mushrooms. Only the shangrilla chicken was really good. Everything else was below average. Infact i couldn't even eat the lamb patty though some of my friends did find it decent. Ambience: 3/5 To be frank, I was not very impressed with the decoration as it seemed somewhat like how a shack would be decorated and not a restaurant in the heart of the city. SERVICE: 3/5 The service was decent as the main waiter seemed to be making a lot of effort to impress. but I found him somewhat too intrusive with him commenting on every dish we ordered and trying to change it. I respect suggestions but making snide remarks on my choice of food was a bit un-welcoming.
Rated This place opened where there was Le Kebabiya couple of years back. The place is small but they offer 5 different types of cusine. We tried the paneer starter and pav bhaji fondue which was really good. For mains the Chicago Pizza is realllly good and filling. The mojitos are served in Mason Jars and they are quiet refreshing. However the pasta that we ordered was a bit raw, which we told the server about and he apologized to us and also gave us a complimentary drink. You can get lots of discounts as they have a small spin the wheel and you can accordingly avail the discount. The variety is really good and the service is also prompt.
Rated If I were to talk about happening places in Mumbai, Andheri would definitely make it to the top of the list. As one would expect a new establishment that opens its doors to either be a pub or a bar like many others these days; Countries Connection is a humble and simple joint serving some down right delicious food. ... Read full post on eatnonstopmumbai.wordpress.com
Rated This humble and quaint restaurant located near Infiniti mall almost gets hidden by the enormous diners and pubs that this locality boasts but is quite easy to locate if paid attention to. As the name suggests, this place connects you to various places around the globe with the help of their vast multi-cuisine menu. What's peculiarly interesting about this place is that it is run by five partners who are all chefs by profession. AMBIANCE: One of those restaurants that doesn't quite focus on the ambiance part but clearly lets their food do the talking! The decor is very plain, simple and minimalistic with adequately lit interiors, clean tables and comfy seating arrangements. MOCKTAILS: 3/5 This place boasts a limited mocktail menu out of which were decided to sample Hazel Samrat, cranberry kaffir lime caprioska, kairee potter and lemon ice tea. While the hazel Samrat was a perfect blend of nutella and cream, the kairee potter was a little bit of a let down as it was too sweet for my taste preferences. FOOD: 4/5 Burmese Soup - An absolutely yummilicioussoup comprising of coconut milk and khaosuey gravy. Mildly spiced with rich flavours. Such a delicious start to a meal and a perfect way to cleanse the palate! WOW! Chicken Reshmi kebabs - This one was regarded as one of their signature recipes.Bonelesschicken marinated in Indian spices followed bycoating them with egg whites and then cooked in a tandoor. The chicken was a tad bit overcooked, so failed to win my taste buds. Chicken Quesadillas - Soft and fresh tortillas stuffed with tender and juicy chicken and corn that imparted a slightly sweet crunch to it and oodles of cheese that could visually be appreciated threading out as I took a bite. Brilliant! One of the very few places that get this particular dish right, I must say! Thechiili mayo, sour cream and salsa served along with it tasted superb too! Spicy Zhinga Lala - Served in short glasses, this one was not only a visual treat but also a treat to the taste buds. Crispy fried jumbo prawns with a crunchy exterior and tender meat within, served with sweet chilli sauce, chilli mayo along with a house special salad. Yumm! Cajun spiced fish - Fresh and moderately spiced Basa fillet marinated in Cajun spicesand served in an absolutely delicious coconut basedgravy with sautéed veggies and mashed potato. Very well done! Chicken Peshawari - A Mughlai main course dish comprising of rich, mildly spiced tomato based gravy and fried chicken pieces. There was nothing extraordinary or uniqueabout this one yet it didn't even slightly disappoint me taste wise. Well done again! Tandoori Naan - Well done! Neither too thick or doughy, nor too thin and crispy. Lamb Patty with Blueberry Sauce - A Pan fried and oven grilled lamb patty which was slightly overdone again making it kinda tough and chewy was served with deliciously sweet blueberry and raspberry sauce, some creamy and smooth mashed potato, tangy salsa and a brilliantly done vegetable ratatouille. This dish comprised of so many elements which were so well done, except for the lamb patty which was a let down. I suggest them to incorporate some cheese in the lamb patty to fix it's consistency. Oreo cheese cake - A brilliantly done cheese cake comprising of Oreo cookies,mascarpone cheese, butterand whipped cream and served with vanilla ice cream garnished with some chocolate sauce on top. WOW! A perfect way to end a meal! SERVICE: The service is very heart warming and welcoming indeed. The owners and the attendants are wonderful hosts who readily answer any of your queries and are also all ears to your suggestions. The hospitality is kind and perfect, only I would suggest them to work on being more confident while interacting with the guests. VERDICT: Mocktails - 3/5 Food quality/quantity - 4/5 Ambiance - 3/5 Service - 4.5/5 snehanvg.wordpress.com
Rated What does one do when one is asked to review a place where all 5 founders are chefs? S/he begins scrutinizing every dish and pays more attention to the plating as well as the taste. And that's exactly what I did. And the verdict? Strongly recommended but there is ample scope for improvement. Countries Connection, or C2, is a quaint little place with an okay ambience. As is obvious from the moment you step in, their focus is on food. And that reflects in the presentation of every food item, from soups to desserts and everything in between. Full marks in the plating department! Let us now delve into the food in some detail. 1. Hazel Samrat, a mocktail combining Nutella and Cream just cannot go bad. While it's awesome, it is very heavy. So, I would recommend that you share this drink. 5 / 5 2. Burmese soup, a coconut + khao suey paste based soup also lives upto the expectations. Yummy to the core and rich in flavours, all this soup did wrong was the quantity of salt. The salt was so much that I had to sip water in between. Still, yummy. 3.5 / 5 3. Quesadilla, a dish which needs no introduction, has the perfect balance of sweet & crunchy corn and soft tortilla. Paired with an awesome salsa, sour cream and chilli mayo, this is just the perfect dish. Strongly recommended! 5 / 5 4. Chicken Reshmi Kebab, which is an inspired take on the traditional kebab. This one contains a coating of egg. But sadly, this falls flat in the taste department. Even the chicken is pretty fatty which prevents one from cutting through from one end to the other. 2 / 5 5. Cajun spice fish, a grilled and cajun spiced basa fillet served with an insanely delicious, rich, buttery and coconutty sauce. This is their best dish and perfectly pairs the cajun spices with a buttery coconut sauce. The only sad part is that they use basa, which is a cheap catfish. I would request that the management use a different fish (and I'll deduct 0.5 for that). 4.5 / 5 6. Chicken Peshawari, a Mughlai preparation with fried strips of chicken. Strictly average with over-fried (tough) strips. Could do with an overhaul and with strips which are slightly less fried. Also, the naan was slightly stretchy and could do with slight improvements. 3 / 5 7. Lamb patty with blueberry sauce, served with vegetable ratatouille. The lamb patty is fried and grilled but has a tough texture. The blueberry sauce is a great add-on but is served in abundance, which could confuse people. In my opinion, a perfect pairing would involve the mild hit of blueberries (lesser quantity of sauce basically) and a patty with a soft grilled interior and a crisp fried exterior. Commendable efforts from the chefs but requires some more iterations before I'd call it perfect. 4 / 5 8. Oreo Cheesecake, a mind boggling combination which also infuses butter into the cake to give it that ghee / toffee / salted caramel flavour. This is so good that I could keep eating it forever. 6 / 5!!! In conclusion, lovely place with a strict focus on food and the innate talent to outshine others given some more time to experiment with the recipes. Overall a 3.5 but the cheesecake was so perfect that I didn't have the heart to give it under 4.0. After all, all's well that ends well.
Rated It was a nice cozy place. The most striking thing about dining here is the good service that they ensure. The food is tasty. The prawn pizza, jhingalala! Nachos was a little disappointing though!
Rated Always a pleasure to visit this place! It was one of the few (with Olive) that changed the high profile yet casual dining scene in Mumbai. Earlier on people either went to 5 star hotels or then small joints...this new age hip joint brought a retro cool breezy feeling space to the city. The Aglio olio is fantastic here, so are the desserts. The best part is entering the restaurant and immediately seeing the dessert counter - one salivates even before being seated :) all in all great for a cup of coffee late in the night too. Something about the place is calming and transports me to Goa or a beach side cafe.
Rated Out of blues- a cool and mesmerizing place to chill out with your friends, perfect place for couples..you will fall in love with this restaurant..I visited here with my friends for birthday party..Their service was good..crowded place in bandra so don't forget to make reservation..or else you will end waiting for hours.. They have live acoustic guitar singer dunno his name but you will fall in love with his voice.. You can give your recommendations and also plan to propose your beloved here..place for all your mood..it's a bit expensive so be ready with your pockets filled in with lots of cash.
Rated Free Breakfast Buffet - One of the few things that amazes me the most! Thank you OOTB and Nearby by Groupon! Out of the Blue is located right opposite to the Chuim Gaon Bus Stop, off Carter Road, Bandra. It is pretty much near The Big Nasty. Buffet Spread: Veg: Fresh cut fruits, Fresh fruit juices, Cheese platter, Muffins, Donuts, Yogurts, Idli Sambhar, Poha, Upma, Paranthas, Dosas, Waffles and Pancakes Non Veg: Everything that can be made from Eggs and yes, non vegetarians have that edge of having vegetarian food too, always! What you must fill your plate with: Cinnamon Donut, Yogurt, Cheese Pesto Dosa, Pancakes, Mash Melon Juice and Egg French Toast. Cinnamon donut is not the usual ones that you have at MOD or DD. It's the simplest form of donut sprinkled with powdered sugar and cinnamon. Perfect for a morning bite. Yogurts: They serve plain, Mango and Strawberry yogurt. Of which, the plain one is the best to indulge your taste buds with! Cheese Pesto Dosa: Perhaps the best dish served if you like the fused taste of parsley! And you have Cheese in it. Pancakes: Although I'm a vegetarian, I will suggest you to go for Egg Pan Cakes. Pan cakes are softer and thinner if the batter has eggs in it. Anyway, Maple Syrup and/or Honey make it up well. The buffet served is grand if you have eggs. Otherwise, a little low for vegetarians considering the amount they charge it for! Suggestions: 1. Knowing that donuts and yogurts last longer than 2-3 days if properly refrigerated doesn't mean that you should serve it cold and hard. 2. Majority of the visitors don't opt for Poha or Upma at a place like this, try to replace it or add Maggi and Sandwiches to the menu. 3. Make sure that south Indian dishes are served with fresh and warm Sambhar and Chutney. Paranthas should be accompanied with Ketchup and/or Pudina Chutney and/or Pickles. 4. Mornings should be bright and refreshing. Turn on the lights. Dim lights are for dinners. *CORRECT ME IF I AM WRONG* Nevertheless, one who goes for a buffet definitely knows how to hog over it, a little extra than what you have paid for! P.S.: All pics attached are of different days and clicked by multiple users.
Rated Perfect in all sense.. Food is just out standing and just supereb. Service good could be better. Ambience just right for a romantic dinner.
Rated 13th March,2016 Summary: A upper mid priced society hangout restaurant popular for its daily "page 5 " events catered more for the feline species & their lunch tete-e tete, secret soirées & noisy kitty parties. Sadly their Powai outlet has closed, one I enjoyed for its creole pasta. OOTB Khar has a patio garden I'm told at dinner times comes romantically alive with candles, soft music ..ooh La La. The morning breakfast buffet is worth it especially if you have some Groupon online deal. Our Monthly Collage days Sunday breakfast, (I.E. me & my Somaiya college mate from our KG group..Mr. Mallu.) We reach Le Sutra Hotel situated at the back end of Khar - Carter road just past 8am. The entrance patio has a mosaic tiled narrow walkway, a fish koi pond, huge green cloth awning at the back end where the main open garden seating area is your centre stage but only on evenings. The air conditioned dining section is two & a half sized rooms with dim lighting and lots of curios / artifacts on the wall. Nice eclectic paintings & a huge drinks cabinet next to the bar. The soft spoken Bengali restaurant supervisor takes my Groupon deal voucher ( it had a 50% off for the breakfast) & explains that the buffet breakfast is also complemented by made to order dosas, waffles & eggs. He recommends we try the cheese spinach dosa & the beetroot version, ok boss. The buffet is good 3 star hotel fare. Basic cereals, fruits, salami, breads, croissants, baked beans, , idli, masala uttapam, sausages, juices ( i asked if they are fresh, answer was no they are dissapointingly tetra packed), coffee,tea, basic cheese slices ( so a let down again). My cheese spinach Dosa (9/10) is light, crisp with stringy cheese. Don't taste it with the plain coconut chutney & rather too sweet bland sambar, as the spinach taste gets lost. The beetroot dosa (8/10) is slightly dark red as expected, the sweetness of the beetroot evident but the chilly powder inside the batter could be minimised. My mate has bacon rashers (8.5/10), his only grouch the rind could have been fried more which the manager humbly acknowledges. The eggs to order come with well presented tomatoes , Zuccini, bell peppers & broccoli.My fried eggs was done to perfection, (9.5/10), added some salt though. The Mumbai omelette (9/10) is loaded with chillies & coriander and I suggest you have it with the brown toasted bread & butter, with some honey & peanut butter you get an extra nuttiness funnily yummy 😎 One thing I was impressed at the buffet tables, they have jars of peanut butter, marmalade, honey, Nutella spread, marmite (Aussies yay), pecan nuts, almonds, dried figs & apricots. Health conscious nibbles. Dougnuts (7.5/10), was ok, not so creamy or luscious . The butter cookies a safer bet with the fruits. Service is very attentive I must say. My mate & I ended up just before 10am immersed in some serious conversations continuing from our Colabla Le Pain Quotidien breakfast (please do read that review). At INR 550/- for two (with the groupon deal) gob smacking worth...Yes Boss , Yes Boss !!!!
Rated Awesome breakfast buffet!! The pre spread laid out seems fine, but the customisation steals the show. The egg preparation came along with sautéed veggies and chicken, loved the preparation and they also toss up amazing Spinach and beetroot dosas. Worth every penny. I am surely heading back.
Rated Entered the open area and eyes sparkled with the candles. Soothing ambience. Started with stuffed mushrooms and crispy baby corn and both turned out amazing. The cheese and spinach stuffing in the mushroom was just perfect. Sun dried tomato risotto had the perfect tangy flavour of tomato. In all a place to chill and for people interested in sports, live screenings are on too.
Rated Awesome experience. ... Visited Out of Blue for Buffet Lunch... Nicely arranged and decorated... Yummilicious food.. Definitely gonna visit it again to relish its good food... Lip smacking Starters and Salads... Good options for Main course... Live Counters... Eye catching Waffle Counter... And To savour the sweet tooth.. a variety of Desserts... The ambience is soothing and the service is good... Enjoyed every minute there... Recommended to visit once to relish its good food.. ambience and service without burning holes in your pockets...
Rated Amazing desserts to say the least! This place has all the goodies! From cakes and cupcakes to brownies with ice cream Would recommend everyone who has a sweet tooth to visit this place once at least!
Rated Shopping at Oberoi Mall usually precedes with a gourmet dinner at Olive Bistro or a family dinner at Cream Centre. Though I have always loved the mall's food court and have time and again told friends that it's the best in Mumbai, I could never resist Olive Bistro(review coming soon). With Social opening #WIP, I am sure it's going to be more fun here. I first tried Taco Bell three years when it just started its operations in the country and Oberoi mall was the first outlet to open in Mumbai. Wish they open more outlets in Pune and other parts of Mumbai, too. Orders: Meal no 3- Fajita Veg Quessedillas, Fiery Potatoes, pepsi and extra. Jalepeno cheese dip. The Quessedillas was really good and the Fiery Potatoes complimented it well. Loved the jalepeno cheese dip. P.S: Should you pay a visit? Yes! What is the best: Almost everything. Highly recommended: Chalupa and Seven layered burrito.
Rated *short review* Not much of a tacco lover, but tried it on my friend's recomendation. I went there on a sunday afternoon and it was jam pack. The counter was surounded by customers. Tried their chipotle taco. It was very good at taste. The taco shell was nice and crispy the filling inside was of beans and cheese. It was very good. Medium spicy and cheesy. It was a nice portion and sufficient for 1 person.
Rated Not related to Graham Bell . But the founder is GB - Glen Bell Tex-Mex at Its best VFM , personally i like the stuff which they serve. Service is Fast. Smiley faces greeting you no matter how busy a day it is . Some of the dishes which i personally like and recommend: Cheesy Double Decker Taco - its yum specially the chicken , nice stuffing and filling and not bad at 89/= 7 Layer Burritos @ 165 .. a meal by itself must try the chicken fajita , juicy. The chicken soft taco is good . yet to try the Mexican ( heard its a must try) The Veg/Bean Chipotle Chalupa (a tostada platter) is a hit and last but not the least The Fajita Quesadilla (whole wheat/corn tortila with cheese soft) the Cheese (yum) Yes , sometimes some of the dishes do get over but overall Tacobell is here to stay . Wish they open more branches specially in Central Mumbai . would love it. Enjoy Tex-Mex and have a great day !! prithvishashar.wordpress.com
Rated Too Hyped up & not worth the price compared to the quantity. If you are keen on trying I would suggest one time try. Menu is standard , bit customized to suit the Indian taste buds
Rated The food was good. It filled my stomach. The burritos were good. I ate seven layers burritos. The taco I bought were of two kinds :: one was beans while the another was of potato. I had tried this for the first time and I got a nice experience about it!👍
Rated Taco is one of my favourite dish and very few places in Mumbai used to offer this dish. Finally when Taco Bell came to Mumbai, I Was really happy as I will have a chance to eat yummiest Mexican food.. And indeed their menu is offering all the dishes which are part of Mexican cuisine and also vegetarian options. My personal favourite apart from taco is 7 layered burritos. Their sauces are just awesome! You have mild spicy to super spicy.. Their soft taco's are ok, little too soft. Still need to try few more dishes.. And m surely gonna do it very soon. If you love Mexican food then this place is must try! eatravelfun.blogspot.com
Rated D chicken tikka masala burrito was too tangy. But i loved d nachos with cheese they were just yummy.
Rated Tried the new Mexican pizza when I had been to Oberoi mall. It is basically chicken mice stuffed between crispy nacho sheets & topped with cheese. Quite interesting & different. Worth a try.
Rated Been this place a lot of times.... But it was the first time that I felt like writing a review for them.... Tried the crunchy veg and chicken tacos.... These were amazing... The crunch and the sauces made the taco just great.... The size was also good to handle and not spill the stuffing everywhere.... Will surely recommend everyone to try the crunch tacos
Rated Useless service ... 1 order takes 45 mins .. Originals are after all original .. The carter road outlet is a million times better ... Its fast quick and efficient with tastier food .
Rated A quiet lil place near infinity,Andheri famous for its non veg Lebanese food. We ordered a chicken shwarma and sheesh taouk. shwarma was good, the roti soft and chicken very tender and juicy. The taouk could have been more spicy though. Ice tea was good too. Service was quick and staff courteous. Happy dining! 😊
Rated You may often get confused as to which is the real famous shawarma joint.. Carters blue or carters express? The answer is Carters Blue!! The way to distinguish is the carters express is Mezbaan's Carters Express. I learnt this at their bandra outlet. Everybody knows they are famous for their shawarmas.. But if you are here do try their 'Dajjaj' it's the Lebanese version of tandoori chicken.. Perfectly grilled chicken served with garlic sauce. I've tried their 3 variants of chicken shawarmas i.e. Chicken shawarma, special chicken shawarma and chicken Mexican shawarma. All the shawarmas are good but my all time favourite is special chicken shawarma. Their delivery is also quick and good.. Do dine in or order from Carters Blue:)
Rated Dropped in after watching a movie at PVR. The ambience is good though the seating is a bit odd with high tables and low couches. The crowd is peppy and they play foot taping music. Why do I rate it 2.5? Apparently though the chicken lollipops were crunchy and not smelly, the chicken Kati rolls and peach ice tea were total turn off. Having lived in Kolkata a signature Kati roll is a whole roll that is not cut into slices and served as starters. A Kati role is more like a franky...an easy take away snack you hold and bit into! As for the peach ice tea, it was injected with peach syrup that nearly gave us diabetes with all that sweetness. My cousins relished the chicken shawarmas, but they could have prepared it better. On the whole it's an average resto with average food.
Rated The food was not up to the mark. Surprisingly, the hummus was not worthy of note and was pretty bland at a place that is famous for labanese food. The zatatnan was upto the mark. The chicken shwarma is something I could come back for. The place lacks ambience in general and doesnt feel like to a place to keep coming back to. 3menwalking.com
Rated Always famous for its shawarma rolls. We ordered chicken shawarma in normal Naan and in roomali roti and manchow soup and it was beyond expectations. The taste was immense and highly recommended. Cheers!
Rated I'm not huge fan of their shawarma, but I have had one of best lemon iced tea at Carter's. It doesn't taste like tea tea, you actually get good blend of lemon & tea. I know it's unexpected to get good iced tea at Lebanese joint, but my next visit would surely be specifically for the same. We order two special chicken shawarma & lemon iced tea (I guess I've mentioned lemon iced tea quiet a few times here) Shawarma was good, but the garlic sauce was average. Thumbs up from my end for shawarma, it was juicy n tender. Loved it.! Totally recommended. Cheers.! P.S do try the lemon iced tea
Rated Located at Lokhandwala, Carters Blue is pretty easy to locate.We were not so hungry,so ordered for a chicken tikka biryani.Service was quick and the biryani was just fine.Chicken was fresh too.Great experience :)
Rated My love for shwarmas brought me here to this much hyped haven of shwarmas and it lived up to its expectations. Lebanese cuisine is their forte.The menu of shwarmas itself is quite extensive. I tried Chicken shwarma. It had the right amount of chkn pieces, garlic mayo,fries. And was served alongwith pickled beets and garlic sauce. Simply yummy!😛 I was here for a quick bite so could not try anything else.
Rated The taste was good. Just that the food was a bit oily. Decent variety and options for vegetarians. Their mocktails are worth the try. Overall a casual place with good food.
Rated There are very few options in Mumbai for trying out Mexican food and thank god for Chili's! Food may not be completely authentic but it makes a pretty good attempt at Mexican delicacies. Their non veg platter is amazing - especially the honey chipotle version of chicken wings. Must visit!!
Rated Location: Inorbit Mall, Malad West Ambience: Life all outlets of this chain, the ambiance was nice. We went at an odd time so the place was not full, and thus we got a good seat and could watch television with ease. The highlights of the Ind vs Ban world cup match was going on. Service: Chili's is famous for its's service. The staff is very courteous and here was no different. The waiters here were quite good. We left the place wwith a smile. Food: Coming to the food, we had their non veg triple dipper with the barbecue sauce. This dish was very tasty and the virgin mojitos to accompany the food was well prepared. All in all a good place to spend time. A little on the expensive side.
Rated 1) superb ambience 2) good location 3) very very average food with miniscule portions . 4) superbly overpriced . We were two of us , ordered an iced tea each and two mains , one veg and another non veg . Paid around 1800/- for appetizer like portions . Will i go there again ? Umm not too sure !
Rated Bloody tasty food in an unusually spacious restaurant... Staff is excellent and passionate to say the least... Again commendations to the management for sorting out tough situations and also to their general staff, attitude is in the right place for sure... Will definitely go back, have no choice, only tired a couple of items on the menu that needed sampling and I'm looking forward to the next visit!
Rated Expensive, but worth it! This place is great if one goes during happy hours. Calamari poppers were incredible, as was the 100 bucks worth LIIT. Great service, great food.
Rated First up would like to mention about the waitress, Sanya, who was serving us. She was the best host one could get. Cheerful, smiling, endearing, and someone who leaves no stone unturned in making the customer happy. Thank you Sanya. I have been to Chili's before so there is no complaint regarding the food. Every dish is a speciality! Chicken Wings is a must have. The interiors, like other outlets, was nice and clean. Overall a very Chili-like experience.
Rated Chili's surely is one of the few places that I have visited more frequently than any other restaurant in my neighbourhood. Pleasing ambience and super attentive staff add to ur experience at this restaurant. Their medium rare classic tenderloin steak and fajita trio are too good but chicken ranch burger was a complete let down. The sauce was so tangy that I felt it has expired a long time back. Overall only 3.5 rating to due to the bad burger.
Rated A lovely place if ur a strong meat eater. We have been to Chilis many a times and it never disappoints. The place is lively and the ambience is pretty good as always Must haves: Teralingua Chili, Pork ribs (out of this world, trust me) Never have: Classic Tenderloin, they are still struggling to make the steak juicy, its very rubbery thou... Always goes well with food: the margaritas (try out the trio ritas) And am always impressed with the staff, they make u feel wanted and give u genuine suggestion and honest opinions Never tried the burgers here, will come back soon for them. Slurrrrrrrp rating ...... 4.5
Rated Visited Chili's after a movie primarily due to it's less crowded ambience compared to d food court. The service was courteous but eventhough we were the only customers at that time the service time was killingly slow.. We waited for d food and then also waited for the bill longer. The food wasn't as great as expected either.
Rated A cute little place perfect for your evening cuppa. I'm not a big fan of tea, but I did notice the amazing variety of luxurious teas that this place offers. Their waffles are also a big specialty and totally delicious! I also tried the Kit Kat shake. I wish the seating arrangement was slightly more comfortable. All in all, good place!
Rated Amazing place to hangout with your friends. Best thing about this place is ambience. The walls are not painted, they are planted. It'll give you a feeling of nice backyard in your house where you can enjoy a cup of tea. We had passion fruit ice tea and Hibiscus ice tea. Both were very very refreshing. Pundina tea was also pretty good. In food, red pasta and cheese garlic bread were really nice. But, Ratatouille stole the show for the day. One of the best served dish I have ever seen. Three layers of rice, paneer and veggies placed in perfect symmetry were treat for eye. And the taste... Out of this world. One of the best dish I've ever eaten. So spicy so rich and so sumptuous it was. You'll have hard time ordering just one. Terrific place. Surely visiting again!
Rated Small yet beautiful place! :) Food was nice. Good for people looking for hangout with not-so-big pockets. Loved the cold coffee. Only disappointment: WiFi wasn't working properly!
Rated Went to this place on a weekday afternoon and it looked pretty cute at the first sight. As you enter, the ambiance makes you feel at home. It's cosy, relaxing and peaceful. They also have this really nice corner with tea samples and other artifacts. As for the food, it does have a pretty good variety to offer and a whole menu for different tea's (well that's obviously is clear in the name). Here are a few things we ordered and non of these disappointed me: 1) Fries- crispy to the perfect amount. 2) peach Ice tea- always works. 3) Hibiscus Ice tea- was really good. (Do try) 4) Green apple Mojito- good but the mint flavour was too strong. 5) Pink Past- they were delicious. 6) Burnt Garlic noodles- decent. 7) Dry munchurian - perfectly crispy with a great taste. 8) Spring Roll- decent but way too oily. It was served with a delicious schezwan sauce. All in all the food did not disappoint us in taste all at but the quantity was really really less for the prices. The service too was slow and the staff could also be a little more trained. In conclusion, it is a good place to go and relax, hangout with friends and have meetings. But if you wish to eat a full fledged meal to fill your stomach then it is going to be a little heavy on your pockets.
Rated I loved the way the place is done! The ambience and decor! The logo and the way the menu looks like a laptop..the teapots....felt like i was back to my childhood days pouring tea from the tiny tea sets!! The nachos were amazing! and the elachi chai ❤ You can also sit here alone and do your work peacefully.
Rated Vile Parle East totally needed a cafe like this. Beautiful cafe. Interiors are extremely lovely. The food, well, awesome. The pizzas, pastas, corn cheese balls, coffee, cheese Fondue and of course.. The WAFFLES. Their Nutella, oreo and kitkat waffles are DELICIOUS. It's a must try for all.
Rated This is my 3rd visit to tea villa... Its an OK place... Nice to chill... The staff is courteous.. The food is reasonably good.. Have tried different maggis here.. They r good... Have tried iced tea.. That's pretty good too.. Tried the green tea Jasmine this time... Wasnt as good.. It's like the longer u sit, the more ur tea becomes Bitter... Also tried paneer chilly garlic... I was expecting a dry paneer chilli which u order at any normal restaurant.. But it was something really different with a mix of a lot of different veggies... And it dint taste as good...
Rated Must-try: Sloppy Joe loaded sandwich, Asian Noodle croquettes, Singaporean baida roti, Phathimlai Potato Located right on the busy Lokhandwala market stretch of Andheri West (and bang opposite Boston Cupcakery), Go Panda is a tiny little eatery that on first glance transports you back to the sets of Kung Fu Panda--- that much-loved animated movie; what with its panda banner, bright red & yellow tables and wildly swinging yellow Chinese lanterns. Of course, on probing co-owner Yash about the origins of the restaurant’s name, it turns out that the ‘Panda’ represents South East Asia which is what the restaurant’s cuisine is inspired by; while ‘Go’ stands for a quick service restaurant concept meant for take-away or home delivery purpose, and not really as a casual sit-down place. Safe to say, one shouldn't judge this place by its ‘ambience’ which is basically the 3 tables and chairs placed in the little non-ac extension to the kitchen and counter inside. It is also for the same reason that if you do decide to dine-in, you should not expect any fancy presentation, but rather to be served in take-away boxes with plastic cutlery and napkins. Started 1.5 years ago by partners Yash and Sachet, the restaurant is focused on a fusion of funky and innovative Asian-inspired cuisine, leveraging influences from Singapore, Vietnam, Burma, Malaysia, Indonesia, Thai and Chinese. With the owners living in Mumbai, the cuisine also has some Mumbai street food influences – like the baida roti and masala omelette. Cheese – something not typically used in Asian cuisine is also added to a few of the starters here to give it a familiar twist, especially for the cheese-loving Mumbai youth. Luckily, that’s where the Mumbai influence stops – and thankfully unlike other small South Asian joints in the city, Go Panda does not resort to the all-too-familiar Chindian syndrome of drowning Chinese food in a mixture of Indian and Chinese spicy and greasy sauces. In fact, this joint thrives on dishes that are non-greasy and subtly flavoured – to the point of being bland in some cases – with several items on the menu featuring the popular Chinese honey –chilli sauce. Portion sizes are substantial and sufficient for two to share - Panda-size portions to be sure. A central kitchen in Andheri East ensures that food is prepared fresh daily, which includes all the sauces served on the side and most used in the food preparation. Add to that an ex-Taj Lands End chef heading this kitchen, and you have the reason for young and old, both, frequenting this place. F&B On the Wednesday evening we visited, the joint was not too crowded, giving us enough time to interact with Yash, who familiarised us with the various items on the menu and the influences behind each one. We started off with the Phathimlai Potato – potato wedges doused in a perfect yin-yang balanced combination of sweet-spicy-tangy sauce with bits of fried garlic and curry leaves that were not overpowering at all. Next, we tried the Chicken Thai-chi spring roll which was crispy and yet non-greasy with a delightful zero-spice filling of boiled chicken and lots of stir-fried shredded cabbage with a little twist of cheese, served with ketchup and honey-chilli dipping sauces alongside. A little bland but definitely better than the greasy, Indianised spring rolls we are all too familiar with. The much-talked about Sloppy Joe chicken loaded submarine sandwich was up next, which had a mildly-spiced, mayo chicken kheema filling, served with a side of fries – this one was truly a loaded sandwich, enough for a delicious meal for one person! From the Panda Street Festival menu (which is available till April 30), we tried the Twisted Asian omelette – a great piece of innovation which basically had chicken fried rice or noodles stuffed inside an omelette and served with a sweet chilli dipping sauce. This one, I thought, would have been perfect with a spicier filling to ensure the omelette wasn’t overpowering, as is the case now. We also tried two other highly recommended items on the street festival menu – the Singaporean baida roti which came in a non-greasy laccha paratha roti stuffed with paneer or chicken kheema filling that was yum, except for a tad much curry leaf added to it; and the Asian Noodle Croquettes which is another fascinating innovation from Go Panda featuring crispy noodle wrapped croquettes stuffed with cheese, chilli and spring onions – a must-try for sure. Too stuffed with the starters, we only managed to try a few bites of the Honeyed chilli chicken pot rice which was too sweet and tangy for my taste. However, the restaurant has some chef’s signature main course dishes like the Burmese khowsuey, as well as Malaysian korma with Malaysian rice or Malaysian roti. The menu also features momos, wantons, soups and salads, non-alcoholic beverages and a few desserts which are mostly several varieties of cookies. There is also a separate menu called ‘Meal of the Day’ which has items that change on a daily basis and costs Rs 165 for veg and Rs 175 for non-veg – definitely a very reasonable price to pay for the portions they offer. In fact, pricing-wise, most of the dishes on the regular menu as well are very value-for-money for the portion sizes as well as the kind of innovation offered that could be on par with several trendy Asian gastro-pubs in Mumbai today, albeit at a quarter of the price. Verdict With great food, great pricing and quick and efficient service, Go Panda is a highly recommended choice for those looking for fusion Chinese with a Bambaiyya twist. And in case you’re too weary to brave always-peak-hour Andheri West traffic to reach here- don’t fret. Go Panda is soon to open an outlet in Bandra West as well. F&B: 3.5/5 Service: 3/5 Pricing: 4/5 Ambience: 3/5 VFM: 4/5
Rated A small place in Lokhandwala area with around 3-4 tables capacity, but as they say all good things come in small packages. We had- Chicken sloppy joe sandwich- it was amazing and a must try for everyone Singaporean baida roti- a fusion of baida roti with Singaporean style chicken, a nice combination and the taste was also good Chicken khao suey- this dish is served in an earthern pot and looks very tempting. The perfect taste of coconut based gravy makes this one delicious Asian BBQ fish- Fabulous. I am going to have this one everytime when I'll visit this place. Chicken wonton- I like wontons a lot and the ones served here were very good. Wontons here are served with a sweet-chilli sauce. Really loved the food and definitely coming back here.
Rated We were invited to this amazing sort of take away place. They have a cute place in a niche cut away from the busy street. They have a funky theme with their new age font, creative names and cool quotes. We had quite a few things here. We had the Singaporean Baida Roti here. This was our favourite from the order. The roti was like a kulcha stuffed with chicken kheema in brown sauce and had a thick fringe of omelette. This tiny thing made a huge difference. They also served Sloppy Joe's Chicken Sandwich here. This was streaming with thick chicken stuffing topped with a cheese slopping away. It was a tasty and a ride to cloud nine for cheese and chicken lovers. They also served Asian Croquettes. The cheesy combination of white noodles and mayonnaise along with coriander in the base, covered with a thick coating made us drool. It wasn't spicy but the sauce completed the dish and we couldn't get enough of this delight. The Buttered Crispy Veggies were absolutely tasty. Although they had a very high proportion of onions and garlic in their fry, it did not overpower the vegetables. They were crispy and crunchy. They even made the broccoli taste creamier. As good as they were, a cut-down on the oil proportion would do them favours. The Barbeque Potato was fried in a different sauce and was spicy and crunchy at the same time. The potatoes were baked really well and the oil was also perfect. They could easily be the best fried potatoes we could have ever had. The gravy was really nice, we had to stop ourselves from licking it off. We also had Chicken Burmese Khau Suey. It came in a pot with a strong taste of turmeric. It had chicken pieces, noodles. The quantity was very good; we couldn't finish it. We also had Barbeque Chicken. It was crisp and warm. It had a spicy after taste of pepper. All in all, it was a nice place. They had good quality on their side. Their packing was unique with its transparent bags and funky cartoon-ed boxes; so was their ambience, it gave off a very cool vibe. Ambience: 3.5/5 Taste Quotient: 4/5 Service: 3.5/5
Rated Their Burmese Chicken Khow Suey is awesome! Ordered it home the other day for lunch & it was perfect. A must try for people who don't want to eat much, portions are large & can be shared by two people!
Rated Go panda has been a favourite of all who stay near lokhandwala for a long time now. They have been a consistent restaurant which gives you taste as well as on time delivery which makes a them complete package. They recently come up with their Street Asian Menu and they invited hogggitup to taste the same. I must say, it was amazing to be a part of this foodie meet up as I personally love their food. Go panda is famous for their Asian cuisine with touch of their own style. So we started our meal by ordering Thai chi spring roll, which was slightly different than what we get normally. It was crisp and loaded with cheese and you should definitely give it a try. Chicken Malaysian korma was another pick which was a perfect fusion. We all love egg fried rice but here in go panda, they have their own way of serving omelette and rice together which is a Twisted Asian omelette. Simple, basic, but great in taste. Asian noodle croquettes is another Street menu special starter but I prefer Phatimlai prawns more. Totally satisfied with food quality and quantity. Signature highly recommended dishes - (Must Try) 1) Chicken burmese khau suay 2) Singaporean baida roti chicken #Hogggitup #highlyrecommended Overall, super happy with their food, taste and great service. A pocket friendly restaurant like go panda in lokhandwala is quite rare. Delivery on time is the key for Go panda's success. It's a perfect place to order some Asian food for late night house parties. Keep it up guys. Marksheet - Location - 4/5 Ambience- 4.5/5 Quality - 4/5 Quantity -4/5 Service - 4/5 (good service) Price - 3/5 Revisit Plans- 4/5
Rated On a day when you are craving for some Momos on your month end , what do you do? You find a pocket friendly friend in the neighborhood. Zomato search led me to Go Panda. Located in Lokhandwala Market. This place is tiny but full of surprises. Their menu is vast giving you a great variety. They also have a fixed menu per day concept as well ( Similar to Sub ) They have an AC and an Al fresco seating. AC is quite small & adjutant to the Kitchen area. What we ate here - Fried Wantons - tasted good but too oily for my liking ( Approx 8 pieces ) Veg Momos ( 6 pieces ) And a Double fried noodles (add details ) all the items on the menu are really good. I saw a lot of people ordering pot rice that came in pretty good portions. Yea , Overall they have good portions. all of this & the total damage - INR 800 /- Totally worth it. Suitable for all. P.S. They love food bloggers & appreciate their feedback.
Rated So go Panda is this quaint little joint with outdoor seating big enough to accommodate about 8-10 people. On weekends it's difficult to get a place to sit. Ordering take out is a much better option. They have some pretty interesting stuff on the menu. I have never tried their sandwiches but I've ordered quiet a few of the pot meals and they were all pretty good. The kung pao chicken with double pan fried noodles, the kimchi fried rice and the honey chilli chicken pot rice are the best of the lot, based on my palate of course. These meals are enough to suffice two people. Once I'd ordered the Thai basil chicken and it was absolutely fantastic. If you're ordering in, do not forget to try the peanut butter Chico chip cookie to end the satisfying meal on a sweet note!
Rated Amazing is an understatement, like really. So well good chinese for me was mainland china or aromas of China. Well that was like luxury food, but go panda has taken it up to their level. Their innovative approach and constant trial for search new has hit the right note. Young entrepreneurs, young feel to the place. Prices are a bit steep but what the hell food is well matched too. So thumbs up to this place . Well what to eat - ANYTHING with a capital A.
Rated Go Panda, is fine dine style food that has exotic names and ingredients served in a box, perfect for take away and quick meals. Mix of red, black and white colours, there are high chairs along a community table inside, seating is limited with barely 3-4 chairs outside, accommodating 10-15 people more like walking into a self service eatery. Fusion food combines the characteristics of two or more cuisines with an Oriental twist to it. Go Panda is a very funky and experiential place, where the food has a mix of everything. The Dumplings were my personal fav, especially the filling was just soo flavorsome and perfectly seasoned. The noodles could be have been prepared better, as they were slightly salty. The menu is simple not elaborate but it is up to the mark. if you are condused, go for their meal of the day. The food is fine and affordable. The portion sizes are also big hence I would say value for money. But I would surely come here to try their Pot meals.
Rated Went to Wok Express as all I was craving to eat was a well made wok. We called for the vegetarian wok in chilli basil sauce. The sauce could've used some more flavour of basil and the wok could've used a bit more garlic. The tempura sushi had some weird sauce like thing on top which it could've done without. The pink guava bubble tea was absolutely refreshing. Good portions sizes, value for money!
Rated Few months back visited this place n ordered medium box wid rice ...sambal sauce n fish with burnt garlic topping and as mentioned the sambal sauce was quite sweet definitely will try the momos in sriracha sauce,something spicy enuf 😜
Rated Good taste. Nice menu. It's pretty authentic. Though I haven't tasted all their options but it seems that they pretty much maintain the authenticity. Place is not extraordinary to sit and savour the food. It could have been done a bit better but it's very nice option for ordering home. Price is slightly on a higher side.
Rated Wok Express is one of those few restaurants that serves great dimsums and offers bubble tea. Not many are familiar with Bubble Tea which is originally a tea-based Taiwanese drink. The bubbles are chewy tapioca pearls, which have several names like boba or chew ball added to flavoured tea drinks and drinks with different bases. The tea was serve chilled and were very refreshing. Bubble tea concept is new in India and this is one place where you can try and enjoy this drink. As starters we had ordered dimsims, which were moist, juicy and full of flavors. The dimsims were served with three sauces that complimented each flavor well The concept is simple steps, choose your own base, your favourite meat and vegetables and lastly your choice of sauce along with condiments. You choose your sauce from simple black bean, black pepper, chilli basil, kung pao, to exotic style of ohn khou suey, oyster, pumpkin curry, teriyaki, thai curry, toban etc. The service is quick and portions are huge so do not get too greedy. Full marks to service, the cleanliness and décor. You will keep coming back for more to try out of how the other sauces and proteins taste with ramen, flat wheat, udon or rice. There are many combinations that can be created so don’t get confused at the first go. The price is good given the portion of food served
Rated Wok Express : Gave it a shot again and this was a much better and bigger place as compared to the Pali hill one . Won't review about the food again as the wok were same I just ordered with different base and sauce . Wheat based noodles was a better choice than Ramen noodles and took a chilly sauce which was also good . The staff were great here , greeting every customer when they come inside and same when they leave . The best part was they had a offer on wok on Tuesday's that is buy 1 large wok and get 1 medium wok free . My rating could have been changed little bit because of it because the individual cost reduces but still I think it's little pricy . Here also they give fortune cookies . In all a better and bigger place , friendly staff but choose the flavour right and then you like the wok . Little pricy but if you get such offers then it's a must visit place (the offer is only valid on Tuesday at this outlet).
Rated Ok to be fair, I don't like bland food. I like spicy food filled with flavors. Wok express, with its good infrastructure, decent hospitality, failed to impress with its food. I'm sure it's a matter of personal opinion. If you like it, good. If you don't know, or if you're going in for the first time, don't go if you're really hungry. For experimentation, give it a shot. See if you like it
Rated Everybody sick at home and wanting something hot and quick decided to try this place out. Ordered a veg wok box medium with flat noodles n teriyaki sauce. And chicken Bao. Delivery via Scootsy was quite quick. The food was piping hot and just what was needed. The wok box was sufficient for one person whilst the two pieces of Bao were very filling. This was washed down with their nice vanilla cold coffee. Quite satisfying and definitely ordering again for the dim sums. anaggh.com
Rated I visited this place expecting some good food but i was totally disappointed. The staff here are courteous and helpful they will give you the right suggestion With other things being nice its all comes down to the food, and i ordered for the nveg green thai curry with rice. It was below average and it felt like i was eating veg rice. You don't mind paying for good food. But for the price that's set its a total rip off.
Rated Excellent dimsums and my first experience of eating a bao.Perfectly soft and balancing out the spice of the filling, the chilly chicken bao is your pick if you're looking for something spicy to tickle your tastebuds.The chicken coriander dimsums are also a must try. A smooth glassy finish to the wanton cover is what differentiates skilled work and shoddy work done using thick dough.Will definitely go back to try their Wok tossed noodles.
Rated Where should I start? I really really liked this place. Ordered chicken satey, chicken tawa masala, chicken shawarmas, and some fresh lime soda. And tbh everything was on point! The chicken satey was extremely delicious, I couldn't stop myself from eating it. The peanut flavor was perfect neither less nor overpowering. The chicken tawa masala wasn't anything too special as expected but it was definitely really tasty. The shawarmas were so good we had to take some more home and the drink was perfect too. The service is really quick and friendly, there is valet parking and the bill doesn't get that pricey either. This place deserves a 5! Can't wait to eat here again.
Rated The seating a arangement of this place is amazing. The service is good. We had the raan biryani here and it lives up to all the hype. The shwarama is okay.
Rated Good. Ds type of restaurants rarely found in Mumbai. (I mean taste) Taste-4/5 Ambiance-4/5 Service-3/5 Cost-3/5 Overall gud experience will definitely visit again.
Rated Amazing place!Likee for the mughlai food its THE best!Food is too good with decent price.If you are planning for group visit than do go fo 'dastarkhaan' section.Its decent,peace place to hang around.I tried the kepsa chicken biryani which is quite good and in the deserts Firni over here is way too good!Its worth visiting this place.
Rated Tried their masala chicken biryani.. It was good.. Good quality and good quantity food is available! Give it a try.. Ambience is also good..!!
Rated This restaurant truly serves the purpose of Persian and Arabic cuisine. The private dining section is also a good place to enjoy with friends and family. The peculiarity in its seating arrangement in the private dining section might be an attractive feature of the place. Coming to the food, the Biryanis are awesome and are a treat to the taste buds. The ambience of the place is spot on and it is An absolutely delightful experience indeed! Great job lads!
Rated Awesome food + decent ambience + good service = value for money. Chicken junglee kebab a must try.Chicken khepsa give is an all time favourite and last but not the least cramel custard is mind blowing.A must visit !!!
Rated I can't believe I still didn't review this place. What to start with.well It's my favorite. All time favorite. It's just amazing. I have tried almost everything from here. And my plus point. HOME DELIVERY. their service, quality, quantity and most important their Prices.. Everything is upto the mark. Specialises in mughlai food it even serves yummy Chinese too. Their speciality dish is the kepsa rice. And yess its interiors seating everything is amazing. Must try!!! Love it Persia darbar
Rated Visited this place last year and had chicken kepsa. Taste wise and quantity wise very good. A must go for people with family or to those who avoid going to places where alcohol is served or has a problem with chicken being halal. Also the service is much appreciatable.
Rated A typical McDonald's joint. I visit here whenever I'm in mulund especially for the happy meal for my kids. Indian McD must bring in the happy meals as abroad. In Qatar, there is an option of juice/ milk with the happy meal. Also they have pineapple fruit slice rather than french fries! I think the management can surely get these good options to India as well.
Rated Closes McDonald joint to visit after closure of Magnet Mall joint and don't know how time is left for this one too. Food and Ambiance is typical McDonald joint nothing out of the box. Overall experience is good.
Rated I used to often eat from this brand during my junior college days bt now i rarely go here as their are many more good brands introduced in the market. Okay, so McDonald's at nirmals is just another outlet of McDonald's. Itz the only go to place as all othr places are shut down here. We ordered a meal for 2 . whch serves 2 Mcchicken burgers, coke, fries and soft serves. Tastes is standard throughout their all outlets
Rated We were at nirmals for a movie n as all othr places have been shut down here, we happened to visit Mcdonald's. Called for pack for two. Which serves two Mcchicken , fries , coke and soft serves. A good place for quick grab..
Rated One of the busiest outlet since this is the only burger option in this mall...personally I prefer burger king...quality is as usual same. ...service is better than some of the other places...
Rated This is the father of mcd outlets...i have been coming here for many years now...This place has always lived up to the expectation.. And probably creates the standards for other mcd outlets in mulund atleast. Being one of the most visited places for school going and college going students..this place is always lightened up with teenagers ..and is perhaps a place where u ll feel like having snacks after watchin a movie in pvr ...overall..it is and always has been in my fav list !
Rated Clean ambience Good service to start with Calm ambience to have food with the foodie buddie... Try new Mc maharaja with the double Patty Only if you have enough wide mouth to bite it Be aware that the mayo will spread to your hands...but its finger licking good Mc flurry is very crunchy where it should be less and the chocolate stick to its wall you have to scrape it to enjoy it Enjoy the company of your friends...
Rated Once great but now has fallen hard. It faces tough competition around the area with many more options available. Their shakes are decent, mcflurry was good. Unfortunately same cannot be said about the burgers and fries.
Rated Best place for watching cricket matches and chilling with friends. Rooftop ambiance is amazing and something we love. If you are not going to watch match and you just want to chill out with friends you will surely love the music and of course all the mouth watering dishes can make your day. Overall ratings : Food : 5/5 Ambience : 4/5 Music : 4/5
Rated Located in 3rd floor of R-Mall, Timbuctoo has same entrance as Pop Tate's and Urban Tadka. The best part about this place is open terrace seating which is amazing especially post evening. And yes, the food is very good here
Rated Great Place...has open air rooftop seating...Place becomes very lively at night...Would recommend melwyn fries,they are best at this joint.....Watched India vs Bangladesh Final Asia cup 2016...Good ambiance and good service by the staff!!!...Paneer Shaslik Sizzler is also pretty good...
Rated Its a cool place to hangout with friends, always filled with happy crowd and chill breeze and beautiful lights in the open area at nights. The service is okay, food is pretty decent. A nice time!
Rated Best place for chill out with friends. Rooftop ambiance is very good. Good music plus good food made our day awesome at Timbactoo. My suggestion is if you want to go for rooftop ambience,visit this place. Overall ratings : Food : 5/5 Ambience : 5/5 Service & Staff : 4/5 Music : 5/5
Rated Its great placw to chill. Good ambience. Good service. Perfect place to hangout with friends. Loved the fries. Music. Ok with the food quality.
Rated The only rooftop restaurant in Rmall. It is very much similar to Poptates except for a much shrunken menu when it comes to food. Being rooftop, the ambiance is nice. Great on cold winter evenings when the weather is just pleasant. They have pretty rice lights and crawlers with lamps after every second table which gives the overall place a pretty good feel. A huge screen for sports lovers makes it a paradise on those days with big matches up. Mosquitoes can be a trouble at times. Service is good and helpful as it always is. At times you might have to put in an effort to catch a servers attention. Food is as usual. A lot of main course options missing though. Definitely a to go place. When wanting to be right below the clouds!
Rated Rooftop place in mulund at r mall and the place is being here for years now and has undergone many transformation from being and rooftop hukka parlor to a date place post the band and now to a modern pub with all the plasticy chairs and wooden tables to chug the Pitchers down.. Usually one will see the regulars raving here every day coz of the rooftop ambience and sometimes good music being played and the whole place being an open smoking zone.. The food is decent over here nothing out of the world and nothing so grounded that you feel you wasted money.. As usual with all other unrestaurants around it has odd happy hrs ending at 7.27pm so be there before that and enjoy..
Rated This place is just awesome which had a great location.But because of roof top restaurant so many people used to smoke over here with taking drinks.Smoking just make us irritate to sit over there.They should make a separate smoking zone for smokers.Otherwise they got the perfect location.best ambience and quality og food is also good.Loud music makes this place a complete dining.
Rated The place provides a good option with Pop Tates and Urban Tadka within it..The ambience is good..rooftop, dim lights and a good music...the food is really good..service also quite good..
Rated A lovely calm place to visit..!! A redefinition of the word " Tea" , a wide variety of teas available to tickle the taste buds n refresh. Pizzas are a must try, Chef Anand Joshi creates magic with his variety of simple yet mind blowing turnaround way of presenting skills. A must visit place with ua frnds n colleagues.
Rated A cute cozy cafe at devi dayal road,mulund. Simply loved the food here. Tried garlic bread with melted cheese, nachos, exotic pizza. Out of which garlic bread with melted cheese and nachos were my personal favorite.
Rated Cute Little Cozy Cafe☺☺ For the Best Chai-Shai and Gupshup time☺☺ With extremely Good service and Yummilicious Cuisines served🤗🤗 A must visit place🙌🙌 Great going....👍👍
Rated Nice little place. The interiors are good, good music in the background. Overall the ambience is nice. The guy himself is quite friendly. Service is good. Talking about the food, we had ordered - French fries with assorted masala : Fries were good. Comes in 6 different masalas but except the oregano and lemon chilly masala; others had very less taste of the masala. So not that great but yeah good enough. - Cheese garlic bread : Garlic bread with nice melted cheese. Loved it! - Strawberry and Litchi Ice Tea : Good enough. Nothing extraordinary. - Pasta Pizza : It was good. Well baked with proper amount of pasta on it. - Nutella Waffle : Tasted really good. Had two waffles about the size (and even taste) of MOD donut and one scoop of chocolate and vanilla ice cream each. Overall it was a nice experience. Its a fun place to visit.
Rated Visited this place after checking a Facebook post shared by one of my friends. It’s a cozy space with greatly done interior, games and books. Enjoyed the food here. I had ordered Schezwan and Exotic Maggi with Garlic bread. All the items tasted good. Although I am not fond of teas, I decided to give it a try looking at a long list of teas. I asked them to suggest me a light tea and they recommended Imperial Jasmine green tea. It wasn’t bad! In fact, it is perfect for the tea beginners with amazing aroma of jasmine and light taste of tea. I really liked the place. It’s just good to spend some leisure time with your friend!
Rated T&C is this cute little space full of positive vibes. Been there quite a few times now.. being the only happening cafe in Mulund.. Perfect place to chill with your friends.. Playing board games while waiting for ur food gives u a chance to revive all the old good childhood memories.. Regarding the food.. Have developed some favorites.. Do try the fries basket with dips.. Loved the concept of serving it! Also the tandoori pizza, paneer burger, cheessseeee maggiii are worth trying.. Super light! You keep on wanting more of it.. And that's why they have some amazing varieties of milkshakes.. Mint chocolate & green apple being my favorite.. And end your meal with one of the yummiest waffles I've ever had.. The nutella waffle! P.S.: if you love experimenting with your tea do try out the swirly strawberry and the tender orange black tea! :)
Rated Tea & Conversation can be best described as a small-bright-cozy-warm place and one of the better cafes near the LBS road, Mulund. If we talk about ambiance, they have done a great job.. Very creative.. Also they provide you with indoor games ex. Uno, board games and much more.. For avid book readers, you can have various books inhouse which are worth reading alongside the various tea options they have.. With a cup of tea, you can relive your childhood one more time with your chaddi buddies with some great music to drool on.. Recommendations - Top on list is the bread pizza toast, nachos, cold-coffee.. Also it provides you with different varieties of tea and maggi... Do try that.. Overall the menu is quite good and as per the taste of our fast paced youth.. So yes we had a good conversation with our cup of tea in T&C.. You too go and enjoy.. Have a WonderFoodLife :) Final WFL Rating: 7.5/10
Rated This cute little cafe serves one of the amazing waffles i've ever had. I tried their nutella waffles which were amazing but they lack a bit for the presentation of the waffles. Apart from that it is worth trying. Will soon visit this cafe to try out other things on their menu.
Rated Newly opened small joint in mulund. As you enter ,u'll be amazed by the cute interiors. A place where one can spend quality time with your close ones. By quality time i mean playing uno, snakes n ladder and having long conversation while enjoying some good food. Here's what we ordered - 1)Bombay kadak chai n lychee iced tea. Lychee iced tea was too sweet and watery in taste . 2)Fries basket with assorted dips- fries served with 6 different dips ( mint mayo, coriander garlic, salsa, schezwan, garlic and mayo ) 3)Samurai's special pizza - it not only looked good bt tasted good too. Tea and conversations is the answer if you are looking for a place with good food at good price.
Rated A very little eatery but beautifully done. This place lights up your mood the very moment u step in. The best part is that , while you wait for your food to arrive , you can play games to kill time. We called for bombay kadak chai, lychee iced tea , fries basket with assorted dips and samurai's special pizza. Food is too reasonable and delightful. Definitely worth visiting again.
Rated Cool Ambience..... I am sure you will not get such place in Mulund...... Love in it..... Loved Jajaja Rice..... You should try.... Chocolate Shake..... Yummy....... Small & Awesome place to have Delicious mouth watering food..... Service is Quick.... Rates are Moderate......
Rated Very cozy place with limited seating capacity and amazing interior. it's my 4th visit to this place and finally I'm able to go to this place. My reason for 4th visit is not coz of crowded or waiting for this place but it is coz of its timings. It has very limited open timings. It's not open on Sunday and even on regular days with timings of 12 noon to 10 night I found this place shut. So if u are going to this place do call it and make sure it's open first and do reserve the seats as it has limited seating capacity. I would have given this place 3 or 3.5 easily because of not found open on regular days and even on normal timings but food I had here was very good. Very good,limited and economical menu and good service. I would recommend to add more items to the menu. We ordered mediterraenian snigger, paprika sauce pasta, Tex Mex fries. All were very tasty and well prepared. It is near by MCC college so mostly crowded with college students. Must visit place. Timing issues needs to be sorted out. Visiting again for more food. Cheers!!
Rated A small cozy place perfect for those evening hunger attacks. Pocket friendly and tasty food. Besides for the preferential treatment which was given to the owners friends by the restaurant staff, everything else was good.
Rated One of the biggest plus points for this place is the price point at which it serves ,a place where Maggi is expensive then garlic bread that too with great Taste , have been there couple of times and was never dissatisfied with the Taste ,had the oriental bowl and the Mexican main course meal which were quite good in taste and even the serving was quite good .This place is a self ordering place on the Counter itself this was one of the things which I liked about this place. It's a pure veggie place so one extra for it as I being a vegetarian . Popeye potion ,tex max fries are quite delicious small bites and of course schezwan Maggi has to be tried nothing special but good for Maggi lovers.Overall this place don't disappoint you at this price point I feel this place has to be a referred as a good fine dine place.
Rated Finally a good place to hangout with friends nearby Mulund station except MacDonald's. Food is nice.. Service is good.. I loved the Ambience .. If am not wrong in the beginning this place was closed on Thursdays but now they or close on Sundays I mean what to say about it mostly people prefer going on Sunday evenings I mean that's a shocker when I saw this place closed on Sunday. You must try oreo milkshake over here it's too awesome.. Pizzas are tasty.. Please be open on Sundays ..:-)
Rated Went there with my family on a lazy Sunday afternoon. Ordered paneer snigger, garlic bread with cheese, health freaker, Mexican pizza, oriental bowl and paprika pasta. Paneer snigger was decent, garlic bread with cheese was a little over cooked hence a little burnt, Mexican pizza was awesome and Oriental bowl was good too but seemed a little ready to eat food taste type. Paprika pasta and health freaker were the best of the lot. Over all a good experience. One can try for good veg food
Rated This place is a fancy eatery with really good ambience which is super cosy & attracts alot of college goers. Coming to the food, the quantity isn't really enough even if you have a group of three people which is actually disappointing. However, I am really fond of shakes here especially the Nutella coffee shake & Oreo shake. Messy fries are worth a try. Pastas & pizzas taste fine too. The updated menu has a great variety. Overall a decent place to give a try once. :)
Rated I LOVE THIS PLACE! the food is amazing! The fries, the pasta, garlic bread, Mexican rice pot and the caramel coffee is just amazing!! The place is really cute with a lot of positive vibes,the service is really good and they also offer props while you're clicking pictures with your friends! the food is just too good so I would say, you must go to this cute lil place!
Rated Nice small quirky place perfect to hangout after collage...good food at reasonable price...the milkshakes/cold coffee are amazing..donot forget to order one.. Interior - 4.5/5 nicely done, clean and well maintained Service - 4/5 Food - 3.5/5 the portions served a pretty good...pasta and hazelnut coffee shake was damn good..the pizza was a bit disappointing.. Value for money - 4/5
Rated The place is very cute with awesome quotations and a trendy decor. It is good for a a group of four, but not larger. It is decently priced and we clocked only 750 for a group of three. Crunchy Oreo Shake - On point. Very thick and creamy. Served in a jar type vessel matching with the hipster look of the place. Topping options include cream and icecream. Grill Hub Pizza - We had heard a lot about it but it wasn't great. The toppings were minimal. Tex Mex Fries - Loved them ! But I guess the tomatoes should be a little less in quantity because that was overpowering the salsa flavour. Alfredo - The pasta was very creamy just as I like it. Would have loved some more veggies in it and little more seasoning. The only point is that the place is only open till 9:30 PM.
Rated So on a lazy Saturday, we decided to revisit Pop Tates. Had visited almost 4 years back and liked it then. And frankly they havent changed. Possibly the best place to hang out and grab a couple of beers in Mulund. The ambiance is good, which makes the overall experience better. We ordered melwyn fries, kalamiri rings, chicken garlic, garlic bread, cheese poppers and love potion LiiT. I liked the food, and felt nostalgic after having the same, top quality food with their unique way of presenting. Guess I have found a place finally to unwind on weekends!
Rated Located in rmall mulund , best ambience, fast service , i ordered roast chiken sizzler with africano sausage , chiken was very tasty , perfectly roasted , fries was nice , basically sizzler was very nice !!
Rated I've always been looking out a place to chill after office hours and finally found a pop tates in mulund. The place has a nice feel to it with a projector screen and additional 2 TVs. A perfect place to catch the IPL games coming up or football matches. The food at pop tates is always nice I've been a regular at the one which is at 7 bungalows. I always go for a pizza and garlic bread with beers. The service was fine too a little slow but the food never disappoints all in all a nice place to go and chill with friends in Mulund. 🍻
Rated Best place to chill in Mulund. Doesn't this comment suffice. The world has gone to Pop Tates. So won't speak much on it. Must trys:- Veg Bombastic Veg/Chicken/Fish Afrikano Lamb Chilli Butter Pepper Prawns Chicken Piri Piri Veg Mexicali - Pasta Non Veg Bananati - Pasta Thai Chicken Pizza Prawn Pizza - Ahhh Yeahhh Sizzlers - All Sizzlers Lime Chicken-Starter Note :- Pitcher is available in Foster and other brands also. Ask for it. You need not stick to Kingfisher Pitcher. Happy Drinking to You....
Rated I love this place during happy hours! They end exactly at 7:27 PM (go figure!) and the place is usually packed so come early - it could take a while to get a table. I always have beer and pizza and both are excellent. The service is slow but the screens are large - perfect for watching a cricket match. Adjoining the restaurant is the pricier Timbuktoo. trailstainedfingers.com
Rated The second best place to hangout with friends for food or for a few beers . Good music , nice ambience , great staff , live screening , happy hours . I be here almost twice a month. NO SMOKING ZONE THOUGH !
Rated Good ambiance....Watched India vs Pakistan Asia Cup 2016 there...The Atmosphere was electric....Food is ok....Staff was courteous ..Overall a good experience...
Rated Sizzlers , alcohol , music , value for money , chilled out vibes , friends , family , lazy-to-cook-go-out-place , good service , great time. Also, great salads !
Rated This is one of my favourite restaurants and on my birthday I went to the Mulund outlet, thank you so much for celebrating my birthday again. Service is excellent and they made me cut an amazing cake. You guys made my day.
Rated Had been to Barbeque Nation to celebrate my birthday and I had the time of my life. To start with the staff here is really courteous. The starters were really really awesome. And even if u don't like something much u can easily get it made in some other flavour by just telling the chef. You need a really big appetite to be able to enjoy the main course after having so many starters. Since my appetite is not that big I just tasted everything on the main course. The best part of the main course was the Crab curry. They also have a live Pasta counter. Then comes the dessert and trust me they have fabulous variety of desserts from Phirni to icecreams. And the best part is the live kulfi counter. And then they also celebrated my birthday with a cake. All in all it was a amazing experience. But go to Barbeque Nation only if you have a good 2hrs in hand..so that you can enjoy every part of the meal.
Rated Located at top fllor R mall.. The only disadvantage is the mall is nt that fancy.. Rest the place lives upto its expectations.. Good place .. Good veggie starters.. Ohh yeah i m a vegeterian.. But my other guys say that non veg is great too. They do not much varities in main course but i dn dn believe anyone would go for it after the starter delights.. U can go for the pasta which is good . One shud not miss out on any deserts either .. Which are amazing.. Good service too.. Cheers management..
Rated Barbeque Nation a place which is known for its starters..!!! Amazing place to eat yummy and unlimited starters! I visited R mall Mulund s outlet on my nephew's birthday!! They arranged a small cake for him and celebrated in an awesome way..:-) prompt service.. Staff is nice..tasty food.. Ambience is nice. . Awesome awesome awesome..:-)
Rated The starters are really great to njoy. You shall be full by d tym u finish starters n left wid space only for desserts. If u have roughly 2 hrs to spent tym then most preferable bcoz if u have it in rush den wont b able to njoy everything. Desserts r jus awesome.
Rated Yesterday went for a lunch everything was great service food ambience.. Sea food festival was good a great experience. Will surely visit again sometime
Rated Two visits during the best of coast festival and I was mesmerized with their seafood offerings. Starting with the amazing seafood lemon soup and the regular starters (on which you shouldn't waste your appetite), we digged into the preparations from the live seafood counter which were delightful in every aspect. Although a couple of fish variants had excess of bones, the taste was good. You really need to order the butter garlic prawns to experience the chefs at their best. It was undoubtedly the best preparation I have had. You can also order the specially made rawa fry pomfret which were small but good. One weird thing was that the fish wasn't fried fully along with the tail and the eyes which was displeasing. The crab dish was good on one occassion and on the other day it wasn't upto the mark since we got hollow crab pieces. You have to ask the waiters of the chefs about the speciality dishes or else you'll actually miss out on the best stuff which won't be displayed on the menu. The waiters themselves got us all the dishes on the first occassion but we had to request for pomfret and crab repeatedly on the second one which was really awkward since it's supposed to be served by them if it's available. The drinks take some time to be served. Other than these two issues, the service offered at the outlet is prompt and staff is courteous. The kulfi preparations are delicious as usual and this time the cake was the best part of the desserts. A disappointment on the dessert front on the second occasison since everything was exactly same on two different days. Special mention for the squid rings with mayonnaise which go well with beer. Weekday visit would be advisable since the menu is exactly the same on weekdays and weekends.
Rated I Choose to give it a 3.0 because my experience here was not that great as it was in the Marol outlet... The waiters were irritating me and my friend and interrupting me and friend. Constantly they were telling us to eat Nagging. I hated that first of all... People come there to have a good time. And one shud not behave so with the customers... Food was okay... compared to how i was blown away by it in the Marol Outlet... Paneer was not properly done... So i asked the chef to make it again n he did so with red marinade. .. The Starters were good but dint feel like they were freshly cooked. Felt like it was of the previous night... Please make a note of it and serve fresh. Strawberry mocktail had too much of crush in it.. Please improve... Ambience was little low... no good music... AC was Low in the afternoon at 12pm... If they improve on these things i will visit again... Or else i vl have to go to the Marol outlet each time. Coz that Bbq Nation is Superb 👌 I will rate this Cost - 4/5 Quality- 3/5 Quantity- 4/5 Ambience- 2.5/5 Food - 4/5 (Since the desserts were great...) Hope to see improvements.. Please do
Rated Very good concept of buffet dinner n lunch is wonderful really and best thing is the desserts served so fresh and awesome .....had good exp.......
Rated A memorable treat to foodies. Lot to discover. But please go with big appetite. All the starters were awesome. They were so tempting that we almost had only 20% of the Main course. The Egg fried rice and Dum biryaani must eat. ambience 10/10 service 11/10 food 10/10 since we were visiting first time they took us to kitchen and clicked pictures with us. also end of the meal they came up with a fresh cake. must say a clean n neat kitchen. and really polite people. super experience
Rated This place is full of chocolaty. I had ordered black forest shake which was really yumm. Thick creamy and more than enough for one person. The place is full of chocolates and cute chocolate bouquets. Service us fast but and friendly. You can visit it if chocolates make you go crazy
Rated Great place in Rmall for Chocolate Lovers. Variety of things they have, all of them are delicious. Last I had was a Dutch truffle pastry and it was great. Pastry size is big than our normal cake shops. Earlier also I had some creamy dish, but I don't remember name of it and was awesome too. Do visit chocolate lovers.
Rated Best place to chill. They have amazing fondue and you should definitely not miss that. The club sandwich is very simple and tastes yum which makes you wonder how! Even if u are not much of Chocolate fan I would still recommend this amazing place coz they have huge variety to try on.
Rated This place is nirvana for all the chocolate lovers. Order any damn thing and it never goes wrong - be it their signature chocolate stuff or the savouries. Its nice and clean with charming interiors and has pretty friendly staff too. They make the gooeyest Brownies in town which along with warm chocolate syrup act as a therapy!! Absolutely in love with the Chocolate Room <3
Rated Good place good pasta. Had the ferro Roch her shake was also good . Had good chocolate molding so enjoyed it . Clean and nice. The staff was curtious
Rated The place ws very quiet for a Sunday after noon...nothing looked tht great in the menu...They had good variety of chocolates displayed for various occasions...tried some of the choclate it ws nice and tasty...also had the ferror rocher shake which ws not at all good.. dint enjoy it at all was too sweet...also little pricey for the kind of the offering they are giving...dint find it value for money
Rated Totally worth ✌. I'd been to their outlet in ghatkopar couple of times whch is nw shut down. This place is a must visit place for the chocolate lovers. A part from desserts they also serve good savoury.
Rated Food taste is nice , place is located at 5 raasta in Mulund west . Family restaurant. Service and taste both are good. Ambience is OK OK types.
Rated A normal veg resturant . Quick service . Friendly staff. Al the food items r also served in jain. Can try out anything frm southindain to punjabi to chinese. Food is good.
Rated South Indian food is good here..Punjabi and chinese food are average....Few of their starters lack spicy taste...Place is good close to station...
Rated Best place for Pure Vegi's. I admire their Quick Service. Oldest restaurants in mulund far from 10 mins walk-able distance from Mulund Station (W). For the first time, we had been there for Women's Day Party. Best food quality, simple n cool ambience make you feel comfortable to visit again.
Rated Good food. Always so much crowded. I often get lucky to get a place quickly. Service is good. But staff people keep shouting from one end to the other. Moreover they bring u ur bill before u r even completely done with ur eating and that actually was a put off
Rated If you are a fan of pure veg cuisine, then this is the place to be. One of the oldest restaurants in Mulund. Known for their South Indian & North Indian cuisines. I have been visiting this place since I was in school. Seating is good and the quantity is worth it and not heavy on pocket. The evening's are mostly crowded so make sure you are prepared for few mins of waiting. eatburp.com
Rated A crowd favorite, takes time to secure a table.. Good ambience and courteous staff.. Service and food quality are really good... Would recommend a visit to everyone, ideal for families..
Rated Kirti mahal..a family restaurant located at 5 rasta in mulund.. The restaurant looks good after they had renovated it an yr back.. The food quality has improved over the years and the prices r reasonable for the quality of food they offer. We had paneer kadai, butter kulcha and ganga jamuna juice wen I visited the restaurant 2 days back.. The paneer kadai dish is my favourite here and is very tasty..the paneer pieces were sufficient and the gravy was creamy..not too sweet.. The kulchas were soft and prepared well.. The ganga jamuna juice was also gud but I found it a bit expensive.. If u want to have a stomach filling and reasonable lunch then I would suggest this place..
Rated Urbana tadka located at rmall besides poptates. one of the nice place to have indian cuisine. Have been to this place many times. Ambience is good. Food quality is good too. Starters are too good. Delhivala chilly paneer is my fav one. Service is ok. Main course is ok. Deserts are yummy..😛 inshort good option to have dinner with family.
Rated Great food! Ordered chicken lollypop and tikka to start with. Kebabs are soft and well cooked however it was a bit too high on spices. Butter chicken and the breads were perfect. Service was okay where the waits were changing and not quite paying attention at the table. Need to be managed well.
Rated I've been here almost 5 years back and hardly remember what the meal at Urban Tadka was like. While loitering around in R Mall, Mulund, it struck me to try this once again. I just had one full appetizer.. The tandoori aloo.. I must say it was really amazing. The mint chutney and the sour cream are available in old style earthen ware.. Really impressive. Heard from friends that the NV appetizers were equally good. The portions were large..
Rated I finally enjoyed my dinner at this place, after having a lot of disappointing experiences lately at various eateries. Well it was to my surprise since Urban tadka has been there for quiet some time now, nonetheless there menu has lot of freshness to it. Nothing exceptionally great, but nothing run of the mill as well. We weren't too hungry to have a 5 course meal so settled in for drinks, starter and dal rice had ordered regular JAL jeera, though tasty was very salty, Panned kalimirch - chunky pieces of paneer, grilled to perfection, tasted really nice, I loved the smoky taste which it offered. Tandoori bhutta, - A fairly uncommon starter, taste good with the garlic chutney, but they could do a lot more with something as versatile as bhutta. Could have been marinated and tandoored in a much better way. Dal tadka and steam rice - Served piping hot, Dal was mildly flavoured with spices, it was more of yellow dal than dal tadka, it surely could have been a little more tangier and tastier. But no complaints as such, we enjoyed it nonetheless.
Rated The menu is mostly simple indian cuisine, and food is pretty decent. Good ambience , nice music , scope of improvement for the service! A decent place to eat with friends and family
Rated I happened to come here when they were running the Biryani festival.. The food was delicious and service is good. Dal Makhani is absolutely delicious. Slightly on the expensive side..
Rated My favourite place for punjabi food. Ive been here since i was a 10 year old (18 now). Honestly there has not been a single dish that has disappointed me till date. Biryanis and light and flavourful. They added a few new items on the menu so i tried punjabi subzi tadka but it tasted pretty much the same as their tawa sabzi. The has lalchi lychee on their specials menu which was a blend of synthetic flavoured lychee juice and a guava , as far as i could catch the taste . Refreshing. They had palak soup but i ddnt find it today , i guess it is off the menu. But that was my most favourite dish of urban tadka 😭😭 Fish starters are fresh , perfectly cooked with the right amount of flavours. The jalebi with rabri. OKAY OMG. YUM. Hot jalebi with cold rabri i am out of adjectives to describe it. Please try it once in your lifetime it is a beauty. A little more items on the menu would be nice, but then again each item of theirs has a speciality to it .
Rated Tell me non veg + Punjabi and all I come up with is Urban Tadka. Its like my most favourite place and their Mulund outlet has ambience for both families and friends. My most favourite starters are their chicken amritsari tikka, chilli chicken, mushroom tey babycorn. Their chole aloo biryani and jhinga biryani are worth fighting for. Its lip smacking. My most favourite main is their chicken ambarsariya. The gravy is spicy and chicken tender. I also tried their chicken shorba which was light and very refreshing as a starter. Do head over to have a lovely time and don't forget to have gud (jaggery) before stepping out :)
Rated Amazing experience. I have become a regular here now. I love all their starters. The main course is okay.. Their Lassi is just out of the world. Wish they could expand their beverage range. But good music, good service. All in all, worst every penny.
Rated This outlet of "Urban Tadka" is one of my favorite places in Mulund. Very well known for their ambiance & North Indian cuisine. The setup of this place makes it worth visiting again & again. I have tried their Kebabs, Panner Dey Tikkey, Nimbu Chicken, Murghey Di Biryani & Parauntha's. Very spacious seating arrangement with the touch of village like ambiance is worth the time you spend over the food with friends and family. If you are lucky, you may even get to relish on Jalebi Rabdi as a complimentary dessert. eatburp.com
Rated So today i had been to pizza hut for my dinner. As far as i know this is the oldest pizza hut outlet i have been to till date. The ambiance of this outlet is perfect. Its very neat clean and tidy. only thing i noticed today was lack of staff. There were only 2 waiters and 1 manager in the shop(excluding the kitchen staff). The service i got today was a little bad, you can say 2.5/5. I don't know what was matter there today,but anyhow at the end it was worth waiting. So today i had ordered Masala Lemonade, Fresh Garden Salad,Chicken Pepperoni Pizza,Veggie Supreme Pizza. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Masala Lemonade:- It is a very refreshing drink,not too sour not too sweet. According to my observation they add sprite/7up with some masala Pizza Hut provide, and that masala is kind off chat masala but little different. i really insist you to try this drink if you have never tried it before. It is really great and goes well with your pizza. Fresh Garden Salad:- This salad is one of the reasons i go to pizza hut outlets. This salad is a must try. The presentation of the salad is itself very decent and tempting. If you haven't i really want you guys to give it a chance even if you are not a salad person you may like it,and i am saying this because even i was not a salad person before eating this salad. But since then,every time i go to pizza hut i do order this salad. There have been times in this outlet where the salad was not served but today was my lucky day and they had the salad. This salad is sour and sweet and filled with lettuce,corn,broccoli,and cherry tomatoes and all the veggies. The dressing is super tasty and lips smacking. I Strongly recommend that you guy try this salad once. Veggie Supreme:- Well this is a very common pizza and i don't think there is any need to go in the details of it. Chicken Pepperoni Pizza:-Well i tried pepperoni for the 1st time today and it really felt like eating a chicken sausage, may be the pizza had the mixture of chicken and pepperoni but honestly i felt no difference in the taste except that the sausage had a little tangy taste to it. it was good i may eat that pizza again, it was not bad at all. it was more like eating a tangy flavored chicken sausage. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Overall,everyone loves pizza no matter what. The pizza i had today was like just outstanding,the crust was perfect and cheese was just outstanding. Believe me guys i eat pizza hut on a regular basis,but the pizza i had today was a feeling like heaven. I have been to this outlet more than at-least 10 times i have 10 different experiences of their pizza and services, but today the pizza and salad was simply perfect. So guys that is it for now, if you liked my review,share it and press the like button below.If you have any other opinion or any 10 different experience's like me the comment below. i would like to thank you guys for giving my 100 followers, it really means a lot to me. If you guys have any thoughts please do comment below. This is Vedant H. Haval signing off. Peace.
Rated This is basically located at rmall mulund , We orderd go italia pasta , taste was very bad like its just a pasta with so much of olive oil , very oily , then we order for magic pan pizza capsicum and corn , it was again disappointing , there was only cheese nothing else , bread was not that good , service was very slow , like very slow , even the order taker donnt know about the pastas , only thing i like is ambience , ambience was very good !! 👎pizza hut
Rated They have the same superb taste of pizzas no doubt. But the quality of service they provided on our visit recently was pathetic. The order was taken several times after we requested them to. There were no spoons or forks on the table as they used to be kept earlier. Nor were they bothered to keep them later. The rating is only and only for the delicious pizzas they serve. Chicken supreme has always been a delicious delicacy. One of my friends tried a shake - Belgian choco shake. It was superb. Love their Garlic breads.
Rated Fine pizza and fine service, they have a very different style than a traditional Italian restaurant, very good for children, quite expensive anyway.
Rated Note to staff - Any restaurant that forces their customers to review on Zomato and give 5 stars is never getting a good review from the sensible crowd.
Rated Once was supposedly good but now it has become a dreadful outlet of pizza hut. The pizza arrived late and was very bad. Takeaway was soggy. The options around like poptates makes it tough for pizza hut to survive in the mall.
Rated Thank You Pizza Hut for an amazing day. I really enjoyed the pizzas here. We wanted to have pizzas for lunch and we landed up here. It was a wise decision, must say. We ordered a so cheesy super veg pizza, chicken hot n spicy pizza, lemon iced tea, fresh lime lemonade and ebony n ivory for the dessert. I was quite satisfied with what i had. A little less rating as the staff was not very attentive + the did not had the chocolate sauce to put on the ice cream of the dessert as they have shown in the menu catalog. Overall, a good place to hog on if you are a pizza lover.
Rated This is one more of the delivery place near office. Generally we call for Butter Chicken from here for lunch. Delivery is pretty swift , may be because we are almost in the same lane as this restaurant. The food is above average. It is much better than the oily options available around office like Jaffer Bhai's etc but there is yet alot of scope. Priced at Rs 220 /- for a portion of butter chicken , i believe they can do a much better job with the taste , consistency and the chicken
Rated Nice place... Situated at a proper location on the intersection. Close to Matunga Railway Station. It's a bit costly but the service is good and Food is really tasty. Went there for a couple of drinks with my friends and really enjoyed the ambience there.
Rated This is a perfect example of an underrated place. This place is nearby to by house and was very skeptical to visit it at first when i came to mumbai. This was because of our restaurant encyclopedia ZOMATO ratings. But one day my friend took me there and boss it literally changed my opinion about this restaurant The restaurant is divided into 2 floor. Fully AC. There is a balcony upstairs where you can even smoke. The place is not very crowdy unlike all other bars in this segment which is a plus for me. Liquor rates are same compared with its competitors. Food is fairly nice given the target audience of this place. Overall i think it is a fairly nice bar with amazing ambience compared to other bars in this segment. Would definitely visit this place again. Cheers!
Rated Was here last evening with some colleagues for the month end low budget drinking. Was guessing it would be super shady. But surprisingly it turned out to be pretty decent , nice and clean . Service was prompt mainly since we were few of the first arriving guests. We called for some beers and breezers. Peanuts & Fryums kept flowing in complementary. We had some seek kebabs along with veg crispy which was slightly spicy but not bad. You can go here on your low on cash days.
Rated A really nice place with good ambience to enjoy north indian and Chinese food. It tastes absolutely amazing and healthy and seems to have less oil. Quite an ambience for such a restaurant except for few flies maybe because its rainy but still,you gotta keep them away. The food is delicious and pocket friendly. Oh oh service is good too.
Rated You have money, but not too much. You have class, but it took you a while to get it. You want a drink and some food and some peace and quiet and you live nearby. Shiv palace is the place for you.
Rated The restaurant is quite close to my place. Hence I often order a lot of varities from here, from South breakfasts on Sunday to deliscious meals on occassions to desserts at night. They have recently renovated the restauant and have made it a 2 storey. Hence the quality has majorly improved in comparison to the previous one.
Rated This restaurant is quite close to my house so decided to give it a try. The restaurant has been recently renovated and now has been rebranded (well sort of). Anyways, I was not so impressed so decided just to order for a starter and if all goes well then will proceed further. Ordered for Chicken in barbeque sauce and fresh lime soda. The starter was horrible. The chicken pieces were totally rubbery and the sauce did not have any barbeque taste to it. I left the starter after eating two pieces. The service is also not friendly at all. They looked like they were bored out of their minds. Not recommended at all. Don't waste your time and money here.
Rated Small places r good to eat for me & I can say it with Shree Krishna veg rest too ,nice experience for me ,had south Indian Dishes of dosa following up Punjabi subji veg kolapuri & roti ,overall good food ,
Rated If you dislike Veg. South Indian thali you may have tried it at a wrong place. Shree Krishna near Matunga (central) station dishes out authentic, delicious south Indian meal comprising well made chapatis (puris on Sunday), fresh simple vegetables, rice, pickles, rasam and papadum. The taste and satisfaction it provides is out of this planet. If you are a foodie in Mumbaikar you MUST try the thali here.
Rated This is a small typical udipi restaurant. It's opposite to the Matunga Road Railway Station. South Indian dishes are nice. My personal favourite is Onnion Uttappa, Mysore Masala & Lunch Thali. Good food, quick service.
Rated I love this place very much.being a small udapi restaurant it serves great south indian food.my favourite is maysore masala dosa. It's the best Wat u can get here.other delicious wich I hav tried are equally good.like idli sambar medu wada sambar potatoa wada sambar is also the best thing wich I like from here.dosa and utappam are also good.they serve good Chinese too.
Rated Nothing great about this place, Just a normal eating place serving cheap breakfast ,lunch and dinner. Situated near matunga road station on senapati bapat marg. I have ordered for mendu vada which was not any special and u can get that taste anywhere in Mumbai at place like this. travellersdeliciouslife.blogspot.com
Rated This is like any other small roadside type of restaurant. But I like their food. Specially their Punjabi thali. They give around 2 subji, with raita, papad, etc, which is quite a good quantity. Dont look for ambiance in such places. The service is fast, which is definitely a plus. They also do a quick home delivery too, although the quantity in home delivery is little less. Reasonably priced. Tasty food.
Rated The worlds best punjabi Food I have ever eaten. All food served here is the best in entire Matunga west. I have been eating it since 17 years now !
Rated This is the place where i normally go for lunch on weekdays from office. Food is great...ambience not so much. Delivery is also spot on.
Rated Food is fantastic Ambiance is not good Best way to enjoy food from this place is to order it at home or take away. You can dine in if ambiance dosent matter to you.
Rated The Most awesome hotel ever. Consistent, I am having food there since 15 years since it was Nag Vihaar. Every Sunday. Morning and Evening... Impeccable class at the cost they take..
Rated Agree with other's comments on this joint. Its a cheap bar with excellent food. Residents nearby prefer 'home delivery' of the food for obvious reasons. This is not a family restaurant, appropriate to call it 'only men' bar. Chicken rozali was suggested by the waiter and we weren't dissappointed. Visit this place for good food, cheap liquor and on - par service. Note- Try to reach around 7 pm to get a table in AC section. Cheers.
Rated Perfect for a Saturday night with you buddies. Good food. Descent service. Very cheap alcohol🍻🍺 Imfl is just 70₹ for 30ml. Speciality out here is chicken rojali kabab which is chicken stuffed with chicken😍
Rated Quintessential “shady” restaurant located under the perpetual shade of the Matunga railway bridge. You won’t come across “Vikas”; you’ve got to search for it in a “patli galli” (quiet literally). Vikas gives you the feeling as through you’re actually sitting an isolated corner in the city. If you can feel comfortable on their bench like tables on the ground floor or mouldy sofas in the AC section on the first floor you could drift away into boozy oblivion all day. Have you ever had a Chinese dish with tadka? Well their Chicken 65 is just that, a spicy reddish shezwanish chicken treated with a typical Manglorean tadka, the taste is quiet extraordinary! They serve really good fish fingers, the Chicken Kolhapuri and Triple Schezwan are memorable too.
Rated No doubt. The best dish to have with any drink here. wanji Chicken 65 kodii!!! Indian Chinese tastes full power thela style. Your drinks will digest well i must say. Cheers!
Rated try their chicken 65 and chicken biryani simply THE BEST
Rated Wow....gr8 food good service...had thali wow it was yummylicious...den had lil jalebi an one samosa dat was yummy too....cool place to be at an have ur meal peacefully... Excellent jalebi samosa just had it..wow..try it guys..
Rated Excellent vegetarian food. Dahi kadhi, samosa, jalebi, rabdi, gulabjam, and lots of milk mawa sweets. All these are my evergreen favourite of Samadhan hotel. Prompt service and fresh food. Owners are also available to check the quality of service provided on daily Base. I have been eating out here from a decade and the taste is lajawab.
Rated Samadhan is not a fancy restaurant, first things first. It is one of the local food joints where everyone irrespective of status and workplace comes, only to have a decent Maharashtrian Meal or Maharasthrian Sweets. I have been to this place sountless number of times as it is really close to my apartments. Samadhan boasts of a vegetarian Maharshtrian meal. The meal, earlier priced at 70 INR, has now been reduced to 60 INR. The meal consists of the following- 1 Rice Plate, 3 Roti, Dal, Papad, Curd, 1 Veg Gravy, 1 Veg Mix and Sweets (on Tuesday, Thursday & Saturday) The place is nice to sit down and dine at, but only to the ones who is used to having food in such local restaurants. Samadhan doesn't promise you anything else apart from decent food that feels like home-cooked. The meal is definitely a steal. Try their Jalebi, Imarti and Gulab Jamun. They are epic! I go with 3 stars.
Rated This is typical restrau where the complete show is run by bhaiyyas. You get all type of sweets and snacks here. Every hour you get superb hot Samosaz and Kachori. They do have delicious jalebiz and imaratiz also. The standard thali here costs around 65. That is just about 1 US dollar.. LOL. I take a quick visit here when i am at matunga. Especially for yummy Dahi Samosa.
Rated Samadhan is one sweet shop which ironically survives owing to the snacks it serves. The freshly fried hot samosas are pretty delicious and extremely tempting to resist. I wish they put more efforts to rekindle their business by concentrating on sweets once again.
Rated Its a cheap hotel which has good samosas and jalebis. They are related to owners of sandesh.it was owner of Samadhan who first started the business with his younger brother who is the owner of sandesh. Their snacks are worth giving a shot..they also serve meals which I have never tried...
Rated I remember mailing in to the Zomato folks to figure out a way to add this place to their list. It's a blink n you miss place on the right as you drive/walk down from LJ Rd (Mahim) towards Manmala Tank roundabout. It's dingy, it's dark, it's unremarkable to look at, and it's not a place you'd pick to eat anything, and yet, for discerning locals, it is THE place for hot samosas and hot jalebi. The ras malai used to be fantastic but no longer. But the fresh samosas and hot jalebi are seriously good. The guys there know when I peek in that I'm looking to see if a batch of samosas is in the fryer. If yes, I'd wait my turn to get 1 hot samosa (used to get more back in the day, now I make do with 1). mildlyspiced.blogspot.com
Rated ordinary and cheap hotel... not for foodies but for people who want "do waqt ki roti"... thats it.. A few snacks and veg thali is available. And it is part sweet shop.
Rated order almost any cake and they are ready to serve with their creativity....my frnd bought me a cupcake from this place and since then I have ordered all cakes from this place. Kudos to Piece Of Cake 🎂!!!! This place is surely gonna take everyone with a storm in the near future !!!!
Rated Occasional Foodie got me cupcakes from PoC for friendship day, and they were one of the best I've had. I'm an absolute fan of chocolate, so the cream and chocolate used in the cupcakes simply won me over! These little pieces of joy remained fresh and soft even after a few days in the fridge 😁 Definitely going to keep this place in mind when I need a cake.
Rated I recently ordered plain chocolate cake for my husband's birthday from piece of cake...and it was soooo scrumptious...heavenly awsome...tht we are yet to get over it Cant wait to taste other cakes especially customised cakes from POC Keep it up!!!
Rated A fantastic thing in life is to have cake with peace of mind. The same is received or i should say sponsored by POC...its awesome and right to the heart. Every flavour, every presentation , what should suit to you, is there... I love it.......and will always...
Rated Amazing selection of custom cakes and cupcakes, possibly the best in Mumbai. Been ordering for a while now and been delighted every single time. Keep up the good work team. Red velvet and Authentic Belgium chocolate Truffle Cake is a must try. Made to order Brownies are crispy on the outside and gooey on the inside. Can't have enough of it ever. Make your own cupcake is a great concept.
Rated POC is a place where one can relish its taste buds....they produce very good quality cakes and in beautiful designs. I got a cake customized for my daughter's bday. It was a barbie cake and you will not believe it was well above my expectations. Good work by check Omkar
Rated I have been ordering cakes from POC for close to a year now and its unlike anything I've had before. The designs flavours n quality is up there with the best. They have a great array of cakes to choose from. Price might be a little on the higher side but that's for sheer quality n variety POC offers !! All in all it gives a run for the money to any premium cake shop in town n believe me I've tried many !! Try the Belgium chocolate - mouth watering.
Rated Chef Omkar's POC is the place where i get my sweet tooth craving fulfilled. Chocolates, hand crafted or diet bars what ever you ask him you will get it done here. Cake designs would be out of box.
Rated This is a newly opened cake shop in the area.but they have vary nice variety of cakes pastries and many more items.this is the only place from where we get our cakes these days..love the taste.
Rated Good cakes. Nothing unusual. The good part is they make all kinds of cake. There is nothing more in there to review. I buy cakes from this place because it is nearby to my house.
Rated I happened to visit this place in December 2014 wen I was on a small trip to Mumbai with friends!!. We ate the biryani.. Chicken Tikka.. Kebabs.. N much more stuff on street in front cocoalicious.. After eating so much at 11.30pm.. A mumbaikar suggested this place!! Lemme start wid the ambience!! It's very cute!! The cakes are decorated so nicely!! But a bit short of place!! Wen ua in a group!! Yea.. I just felt that cz we were 6 together!! And now the pastries we hogged on!! We took a fruit pastry!! A black forest!! A butterscotch!! N we thot that will b done wid these amount of pastries!! But the moment v all tasted the mix fruit pastry!! God... It was like heaven of food!! Very yum!! We ate almost 9 more mix fruit pastries!! Coming to service!! The guy there.. Was humble.. And served as well.. He didn't mind our hawrat eating style.. loosing all the eating manners And the masti v did there!! We made a bit mess there!! But he wid a smile said it was ohk.. How sweet of him! I would have given atleast overreacted if it happened at my place!! But he very sweet!! So overall a nice place!! Tasty tongue satisfying pastries!! Ambience 4/5 Food 5/5 Service 5/5
Rated Deliciously chocolates cakes, good texture, soft from inside. Had an angry bird chocolate pastry and a chocolate cup cakes. Cakes stand out to their brand name. Giving this outlet low points cz it lacks variety. Even in cupcakes I could only see chocolate cupcakes.
Rated The place offers a good variety of tarts, muffins and the likes of such. But the lack of consistency is what needs to be looked into by the management.
Rated Even though cupcakes are the main feature of its subtitle, Cocoalicious doesn't have many cupcakes which are ready to go. This bakery must be facing tremendous competition as Iyengar's Bakery is at its adjacent; Iyengar's isn't extravagantly better in taste, it's just cheaper. The boutique itself is very quaint and well decorated. The decorations used look so sugary that you may end up getting diabetes just looking at it. Truly, it is a beauty to the eyes. Unfortunately, this beauty did not not transpire into the beauty of taste. There isn't any place to sit, so you'll either have to take your dessert on the go or parcel it and take it home. I chose to take a range of cupcakes which were available. I first tried the Red Velvet Mini Cupcake. The taste was alright but the cake was too dense. The icing wasn't cream cheese. I feel that red velvet needs cream cheese. Next came the Belgian Chocolate Mini Cupcake. This was good but once again the cake was too dense. This was followed by the Irish Delight Mini Cupcake. Now this was a good choice. The icing was a bit grainy but worked really well with the cake and the inside filling. The Strawberry Blush Mini Cupcake was almost terrible. Everything about it was wrong. The strawberry jam did not work well with the icing. The Blueberry Blush Mini Cupcake worked well. The blueberry jam and the blue icing did go well together. As for the other cakes in this store, you should stay away from Butterscotch cake. The cake itself is not bad but the sticky supposed caramel syrup poured on top of the icing as a decorative piece simply sticks to your teeth, leaving a terrible after taste. I do feel that all the pastries are over priced and the taste standards just don't meet the price level. Overall, I am less than impressed with this bakery and I wouldn't be placing orders till a time that it introduces a fluffier cake base.
Rated I simply loved the blueberry cheese cake over here ! The best place to get customised fancy cakes in Mumbai ! Especially the game of thrones cake just blew my mind off !
Rated Well the saviour of the day! That's what COCOLICIOUS is. I like doing things at the last moment but it turned out pretty ugly for me last week. 8 wanted a customized cake for a friend and every cake shop aid the need a 24 hrs notice to bake. And then a friend suggested this place. I ordered the cake at around 12 and to my surprise the cake was ready by 5.the red velvet cake tasted like heaven! Looks like this place will get a lot of business from me! :) :P Cheers! Keep eating
Rated I've been patronising Cocoalicious for over a year now, ever since someone ordered a cake from here at office. The entire office has been quite a fan since then and we order at least 2 cakes every week from here. The cakes are ace - moist and fresh with so many options to choose from. The proprietor is extremely lovely and she often suggests what flavour we should try. I trust her choice enough by now to just tell her how big I want the cake to be and I'm rest assured what we receive then will be delicious! The best part; the cakes are eggless which is a huge plus point since there are quite a few vegetarians in the office. I've also tried their chocolate and gave a large order for corporate gifting this time at Diwali and I'm quite sure we'll be turning to Cocoalicious for this again! All in all, I'm quite pleased with their desserts which are a sure shot value for money too.
Rated Yummy tom kha soup! Good ambience! Loved the way they served water...green glass bottles with mint leaves! Good music! Not to forget...clean washrooms...Must try!
Rated Yummilicious..... Yes that’s the word for the food served at this place. Located opposite Matunga station this is a small Chinese joint which serves fine Chinese food. We started with a delicious crab meat soup followed with Chicken lollipop... the quality and the freshness of chicken was amazing, the presentation of the dish added on to the beauty. If you happen to visit on weekends you might get to try dishes in a variety of sauces like chilli basil, chilli coriander, pineapple, red grapes, and many more. For people who love cosy dining and are Chinese freaks, this is definitely recommended.
Rated Excellent oriental cuisine. This chain is definitely a stand-out amidst the plentiful places claiming to serve good chinese food. The aesthetics remind of a bygone era when 5 spice ruled. Good decor, lively music,polite and prompt service with ideal assistance;inspite of being in its stage of infancy. The food is a fresh,crisp tango of oriental flavours. No ajino motto,minimal oil and apt customisation is a huge advantage here. Simple,Sensual and sure to create a "Sensation" !!!...Maintain the good work 😊
Rated 5 star rating to this beautiful cozy place. We landed up for lunch .. service is 5 on 5 . All the dishes we ordered we fresh crunchy n very less oil. Pot rice was too gud. Noodles were oilless. Thanks keep up the good quality.
Rated Small but sweet. I just loved the taste. Everything is innovative including those green coloured water bottle. I have ordered Island Noodles and it was one of the finest noodles i have tasted ever. SO yum. Aniket Kulkarni
Rated I was here with bunch of friends, the ambiance is really amazing. Coming to the food, the food served here is really yummylicious, a perfect way to pamper your taste buds. Impressive hospitality and service offered. PS :I love the way spring onion serves water.
Rated Food is amazing.. best ambience.. Service is also good.. Hospitality is also good.. Each n everyone should visit it n experience lip-smacking food of this restaurant..
Rated The malaysian pops were nice n smthing new i tasted.the peri peri chicken sauce ws good but chicken wsnt tossed dat well with sauce.n portion size ws little less as compared to 5 spice though prices dun differ much.all in all meal ws satisfactory but smthings shud be brought in mind.:)
Rated Was quite hopeful to discover an undervalued gem but was bitterly let down by the food. The interiors are passage-like yet spotless, the service is informed and polite but all comes to naught with their utterly insipid food. Opted for the papad churi, Punjabi thali (which had paneer mutter, chole,dal and a tiny gulabjamun), the only thing that lived up to expectations was the 200 ml bottle of Pepsi!
Rated Nice restaurant... Chinese is good... Not that excellent but if you are fond of eating roadside Chinese then this would be a best substitute. Also try the chapatis its nice and soft unlike the regular one's.
Rated I had been to this restaurant 10-15 years ago when it used to be only a thali joint, serving good quality homely food at very reasonable prices. I was introduced to this place by a relative who was a regular here during his bachelorhood days. It’s located on the busy T H Kataria road next to an even busy restaurant, Ganga Vihar. In its earlier avatar, it was a non-descript place with paint peeling off the wall and a signage which could be easily forgotten in the crowd around. However, it has been renovated now. The signage is now in red lettering on a white background, can’t miss it. The interiors are now painted and granite slabs are now cemented on the wall. They have still managed to retain the old simplicity. The wooden bench tables are still there with a new veneer layer on them. When we entered the restaurant, there were customers and many of them having the thali, which is the USP of this place. We settled down and placed our order in quick succession. Khichiya churi – Papad made from rice flour, roasted and crushed topped with finely chopped onions, tomatoes and sprinkled with spices. Delicious! Papad methi ka saag – Fresh methi cooked in a sweet and tangy tomato gravy and pieces of roasted papad added to it just before serving. This a Marwadi dish and had an amazing taste to it. Chapati – Chapati’s are decently thick, just the one’s made at home and very unlike the papad-like paper thin chapati’s that many restaurants serve. The most heartening and surprising part was that every time we ordered them, they were served piping hot. We had to wait for a few moments to break a piece of it. Kudos! Dal – We ordered the simple yellow dal, as is made at home, with tomatoes added. They serve the same dal with the thali. Chaas – We topped our lunch with a nice glass of chaas, sprinkled with fresh coriander and a dash of chaat masala. Damages came to Rs.300 for 2 persons for a lovely, delicious, homely meal. More than value for money, can’t say anything more! It was heartening to see that this restaurant has still maintained the taste and quality when I had visited here last, eons ago. Restaurants like these are a welcome change from the “show-sha” fine dine places and are light on the pocket as well. Places like these also go on to prove that good quality food does not always come at a higher price. Please visit this restaurant if you are in the mood for some good homely food at a very reasonable price.
Rated If u want to indulge in a Thali delight, this definitely is the place to go; it does not have ny fancy setting, no 20 waiters irritating u like in rajdhani and other thali places...what i offers is gr8 food and a v clean setting. I have tried the spl sarovar thali and the punjabi thli, botj were outstaning and priced unbelievably below 200; the service is quick and with lots of warmth Cant believe i m the first one reviewing it, may b others dont want ppl to disturb the place by reccomending it :)
Rated I had been to matunga many times but had never tried chat items only cuisine which I tried was south indian being in any resto of matunga So I decided to try chat at matunga One day I came across sandesh Bengali sweets n I actually wanted to try sandesh but dat wasn't available n i saw just chat corner in its vicinity As there is no seating there So u have u stand eat ur chat So I thought of trying it I tried samosa ,Wada pav, sev puri n bhel puri,Dahi puri, ragda patice, n pani puri Everything was just amazing n tasty Now whenver I visit matunga I always have chat n n specially go to sandesh Bengali sweeets Must go guys
Rated This is one of the best sweet shop in matunga area. Not only famous for Bengal sweets but best for all kinds of sweets. Hot jalebis are their speciality.. They also have chat n samosa counters...must try their rasmalai..its delicious 😋
Rated This sweet shop is among my favourites!!! Their rabdi, angoori basoondi,chamcham are great n will give you a sugar rush... Jalebis are the regular style the ones you get in every sweet shop.. (Coconut n dry fruit ladoo) is something unique n tastes way way better than other sweets..I strongly recommend that!! Samosa n chaat counter are also good!! In paani puri they use sindhi puris which make them light n crisp. The joint owners of the shop had dispute a few years ago..hence two counters in one shop😑😕 otherwise quality of both the stores is equal. .
Rated Sandesh is a sweet shop which will spoil you with so many options. They serve sweet dishes from all over the country and everything is good enough to be tried again. The Bengali sweets are the main attraction along with the jalebi-rabdi. Of lat, they have started their chat counter which looks dull and is hardly paid a visit. The quality could be improved especially keeping an eye on the rates.
Rated Have tried all their sweets and I recommend everything. Pick anything blindly and you'll love it. I really miss this place, visited it almost everyday for 1.6 years when I worked at Matunga and it never disappointed me. chroniclesofneha.wordpress.com
Rated Best jalebis in town...simply superb.. Do try it wid the cold chilled rabdi over the hot jalebis..pure sinful... Its paradise for people with a sweet tooth..all the bengali sweets are fab!
Rated I once ate the samosas here and they were good. But the jalebis were better. I wonder sometimes if the samosa man's wife wishes she married the jalebi guy instead.
Rated This is a sweet house just below my apartment building and i have been eating sweets from here since the day of my arrival. I have tried their mysore pak, gulab jamun, white rasgulla and so many other sweets. This is a pretty big place but i do not believe the quality is as good as it should be. Still would want to give them more chances. 3/5
Rated Heaven for sweets lover.....!!!!! Awesome place where will you get great sweets.....!!!! Everytime I have been here I have seen some two three new sweets......!!!!!! The sweets are just too good....!!!!
Rated Must place to visit if ur a sweet lover really nice sweets served here up to mark genuine stuff jalebi and gulab jamun signature sweets and some Bengali sweets really taste good here thumps up to this place
Rated I recently visited this ice-cream parlour and it was good than expected. Varieties of flavours..comparatively decent prices..staff is very good..overall good experience
Rated Cute little place with flavorful drinks! I've had the cold coffee here, it was as thick as banana shake! Very well prepared and yummy! One place that actually makes very fine thick shakes!
Rated Opposite to Starcity and very near to my college(D.G Ruparel). Once my sis took me here because she loves the CC crush cold coffee that they house. I loved it too. Its refreshing and pretty much of a treat. For coffee lovers this place is definitely a must as the cold coffees come in varieties and all of them are really good. Recently when we had a long break at college me and my friends rushed to this place. I tried out their mocha and irish coffee with ice-cream and they were even better than my usual. They have got great ice-creams too! I have tried their brownie and double chocolate flavours and they were really good! They house milkshakes as well. But haven't tried any. Have heard they are good too. If you are around this area and want to binge on some ice-creams and sip in some great coffee, do try it here!
Rated I hav heard abt the place from a friend who visits regularly n wanted to go there.. Finally yesterday i decided to visit the place.. V visited late night.. Jus 10 mins before they were abt to close.. This is a small decent place frm the outside.. Bt wen u visit inside it has got everything u need for a good cafe n ice cream parlour.. I jus loved it wen i saw the place.. So properly arranged n utilised.. They hav a tempting n quite good menu to order frm.. V ordered a cappuccino n chocolate milk shake.. The chocolate milk shake was jus fantastic..❤ Nice thick smooth n delicious.. Though i just had a sip frm my friends glass.. I had cappuccino.. The cappuccino was quite good.. N to enjoy it on winter night is a perfect combination..😉 I loved the colour of cup in which it was served (I knw i m being kiddish)🙈.. I plan to visit this place often now n try the rest of the menu 😘.. The place is very good n pocket friendly.. The staff is courteous n prompt.. What more do u want..
Rated I strongly believe that if you are using fancy names then you should atleast mention what will be i side the dish. When you see 3 wise monkey. You think it'll be something related to chocolate. But thats not what happens when you receive your ice cream. It is my humble request to please add a description in your icrecreams. Cheers!
Rated Small ice cream parlour opposite starcity theatre shivaji Park. Nothing different or new here but they wide range of flavours and friendly staff adds to their charm. Nice bright decor! You also get a variety of combination ice cream and sundaes. I tried the the honey nut crunch! Was a bit grainy but tasted pretty decent. The lime and lemon was a new flavour I saw which had a tangy taste. You should also try their thick cold coffees!
Rated While on my regular neighborhood lookout for new places to satisfy my sugar cravings, stumbled upon this gem on Zomato. Locating it wasn't an issue because its bang opposite Starcity Cinema and a couple of stones throw away from Shivaji Park. The staff was very welcoming and made me feel at home and comfortable. I didn't want to go for something overly sweet so settled for their Mocha Cold Coffee with Crush (Chocolate shavings a la Black Forest cake). This was a truly delicious drink and I'm pretty sure the rest of their menu is just as scrumptious. Turning out to be quite a popular hang-out spot owing to its proximity to Ruparel College, this place is here to stay! Definitely going back for more! foodwithsaylee.wordpress.com
Rated This ice cream joint is becoming popular amongst the youth, newly opened and will soon reach heights, Sundaes here are superb and their presentation is mind blowing, you will also love the brownie burst nice one best than the original lava cake, Owners here are very friendly, this place is close from ruparel college and not very far from shivaji park if you are a good jogger, So try this joint and leave your memories here after all memory remains..............
Rated I love Chinese restaurant and food and hence I only ready lot of Chinese when I am out.........ci am addicted to the place very much and they are amazing in their service
Rated Good place..nice clean..and good service.food taste is very nice.quick delivery also they initiate.have visited many a times for dinner.good value fr money
Rated It’s located on bustling Matunga Station road and yet, soothingly quiet once you get inside. FOOD – 3.5/5. Decent Chinese food. Whether it’s soup or starters or main course, either won’t disappoint. Seafood Soup is good if you like seafood. Opt for conventional dishes and you are safe. Food is fresh, quality is good and tastes delicious. What's lacking is a unique/signature dish and originality in taste. SERVICE – 3.5/5. Service is fairly quick. Be comfortable asking the staff for recommendations. VFM – 3/5. Not too sure, but starters could seem a bit overpriced for the quantity. AMBIENCE – 3/5. The restaurant’s done up nicely, red colour being prominent in its décor. Ambient lighting works well and has a calming effect. It doesn’t get noisy even when full which is a plus especially if you want to chat. So whether you drop in post work with colleagues or just to catch up with friends or for a proper meal, be sure to enjoy the food.
Rated Had ordered food from here through zomato online food ordering portal. Quick delivery within 45mins and the food was fresh and hot too. So satisfies with the delivery. I had ordered a Beijing rice(comes with gravy) , chi teriyaki and Korean noodles. Chi. Teriyaki sauce was perfect with sufficient chi pieces. Beijing gravy was superb with threaded chi pieces and broccoli, it was spicy. The rice was simple pan fried but it was going well with the gravy. Korean noodle's gravy was more kinda Manchurian gravy, but was good to taste. 2rice with gravy and one starter can easily suffice 4 ppl. Verdict: Little China serves good and abv par Chinese food, sufficient quantity for the price it charges that satisfies your taste buds. Very reasonable place for dining. :)
Rated The best place in this area for pure Chinese taste. They don't serve the regular cliché indianised Chinese. Sui mui... chowmein... dragon chicken and soups are authentic.
Rated Good place to eat chines in matunga. Great ambience highly recomnded for couples,enjoy ur food wih ur betr half try out plain chicken fried rice.best dish
Rated Small place but the food is very delicious very good and u will find some chinese dishes u dont get aound in any restaurant unique and really good if ur good lover wanna try go for it nice service too
Rated A neat little restaurant hidden on Kataria marg serves very good Chinese for the prices it charges. There is something about Little China that (just like Lucky Dragon which isn’t far away from here) places it above a run of the mill Chinese take away but below a classy Chinese restaurant ambiance notwithstanding. The crab soup, veg. manchurian balls, chilly oyster chicken and the Singapore noodles are our staple here.
Rated The cakes here are really nice i love the dutch truffle a lot its definitely worth a try i bought cake from here for my friends birthday....
Rated So all the cakes in office come from this place. Delicious soft cakes which are ready in 15 mins from the outlet. Swiss chocolate, Dutch truffle and Chocolate cakes are nice and worth trying .
Rated Awesome cakes and sandwiches... Almost all birthday cakes are ordered from this place.. Good service and the also have lot of varieties..and all taste yum..??
Rated The sandwiches served here are yummy. The cakes are good too although not extraordinary. I've tried almost all their cakes because everybody who worked at n18 ordered cakes for birthdays and other celebrations from here. So all flavors have been tried and all were good. Bakery stuff: 3/5 Sandwiches 3.5/5 Ambience: there's hardly any place to sit and the place is dimly lit. Besides it isn't a cafe but more like a shop so 3/5 for that. chroniclesofneha.wordpress.com
Rated Superb juicey cakes....one of the best cake makers , and u get it so quickly (fresh baked); Hoping to have one shop around western suburbs ( they delivered the cake to me at dahisar too)...u can surely give it a try
Rated Ever since Aroma cake shop has opened, we have been buying cakes from here. They are rich in cream, nice to taste and fresh. The service is good. I have always seen college and school going -(young crowd) and the others relishing on the pastries, pizzas and samosa.They deal in cash only and I so wish they start accepting debit or creidt cards as that would save my time of running to the ATM.Yes, it is expensive and its probably beacuse of the good quality. Its all eggless cakes so it suits me best.
Rated This was my friends choice he took me to this one on a Thursday night for his new job celebration, initially i refused as the place looked quite small however it had ac and non ac accommodation , i found the ac accommodation calm and soothing to my mind . We ordered beer , breezer and chicken crispy . Chicken crispy usually seems very oily and has a crisp taste , but i found this one quite different and good taste , quantity for two people was quite filling, we had it full and enjoyed, since we had to take dinner at home we ended up very soon , overall i liked the place and would recommend all my friends.
Rated Ratna palace is very typical bar N restaurant with AC N nonAC section.... Apart from the alcohol it's famous for its food.... I always order a butter chicken from this hotel... N believe me their butter chicken is so yummy N quantity also really good....
Rated I had read some good reviews so decided to try this place for an office delivered lunch. My staple order before getting adventurous is a Chk Biryani as its a simple dish to mess up and is a good measure of a Chefs talent. Their biryani portion is good, however the chicken in it is very sparing w the meat. Its bone in but curry cut into probably 12-16 pieces and as such the bone to meat ratio isnt ideal, especially if you draw the short straw. I think they throw in some Desi Ghee for a hint of flavor but overall the biryani lacked in salt, but overcompensated with spice. A decent experience but not worthy of a rave review. Convenience at work dictates I will definately try it again. For 150/- good value for money.
Rated Its really great place to hangout with friends and family.... Some casual drink and great food quality.. Out of 100% visit... i mostly 80% go for food here. Mr. Krishna one of the staff here has become one of the best friends of me. U must prefer this place for awsome food.
Rated Great place in matunga always considered only as a bar but do trust me this place serves you really great food specially the dal khicdi or paneer makhanwala with haan or any Chinese dish they really make it good not that expensive too if u can't make it there place home delivery order nice place to try
Rated The perfect place to go to with your college friends who don't want to spend much but drink and eat a lot. The food here is excellent too and the service is pretty quick. Don't go by the funny cheap way they have displayed their hotel name at the entrance. It's one hell of a place and you're bound to sit around some wannabe MLAs who keep talking baseless things around you after they are in high spirits which is fun to hear. Recommended for the college guys who want some yumm food and chakna with some reasonably cheap drinks!
Rated Great food, decent prices and a hole in the wall frequented by the people in the surrounding locality. 'Nuff said. Oh.. and I was told by a friendly patron that their Khichdi is like a risotto with masala. At first I thought he was drunk out of his mind, but after a taste test.. I have to agree with that fine gentleman.
Rated A good place for home delivery only....yummy food!!! Delivered always in time...Chicken 65 is a must try!! Always stick to the non veg indian dishes!!!!
Rated I’ve come to realize that the suffix “Palace” in Mumbai generally indicates that the establishment is principally a bar and incidentally a restaurant. But RP does well as a restaurant too. It offers decent North Indian and Chinese cuisine. I am quiet fond of their Chinese, their Schezwan fried rice is dryish and spicy whereas their schezwan, manchurian and chilly gravies are nippy too. I’d recommend their chicken lollypop if you’re gonna eat it right there (rather than reheating later at home). They home deliver too.
Rated Superb fast food! nearer to the station so it's easy and provides fast delivery so it's better and with normal charges. i have eaten veg frankie,toast sandwich and samosa sandwich and... a lot more..
Rated Catherine is located in a lane, just opposite Matunga West station. This lane is mostly crowded by students of Ruparel College, which is located at the end of this lane. Catherine is frankly the only outlet that serves these kids with yummy and cheesy items like sandwiches, frankies, pizzas, et all. I have tasted almost everything in their menu and I can guarantee that every person would love their food.
Rated This place just just outside Ruparel college On the Senapati bapat road Must say well located as you would find most of the Ruparel crowd hindering around this place and one of the young crowds adda And according to me one of the best sandwiches ever They have plenty of stuffings in whatever you order Must try is the mayonnaise sandwiches in which there's plenty of mayo and sandwiches are just perfect as you want Benefits are when you know them and been there a couple of times , they can even recognise you after a really long time . Being a student at Ruparel and passing out in 2012 they can still recognise me till date . They're very friendly and the service is faaast Love visiting this place often as it reminds me of old ruparel college days. Ratings 4/5
Rated This place is extremely close to my place. They have a variety of choices such as sandwiches, pizzas n frankies. They have recently added samosa sandwich in their menu n it happens to be my favorite. I usually as for home delivery n they r very quick in it.
Rated This place is pretty close to my office and delivers food pretty quick... It's just outside the ruparel colg... Pricing is decent... And sandwiches and frankies are normal... I've had at sandwiches and frankies at mithibai and this is no where near them... But it's still OK given no other option in the vicinity... But the owner is very polite and friendly and open to suggestions.... Hats off to him for that!!
Rated Nice place.. Its my second home.. Whenever I am hungry it serves me.. Very delicious food.. Sandwiches, Frankly, Pizzas tastes so so awesome.. People are very soft spoken.. Friendly atmosphere..
Rated I'M still trying to break my head if Iyengar's Bangalore Bakery (B.B) and Bangalore Iyengar's bakery are the same or different . All said and done , my first visit to this place and Wow ... perfect . Just tasted a view of the items both in Bakery and desserts before picking up quiet a few. Must Try the KHARI ( 40 / quarter kg ) freshly made kept it the oven , warm , crispy , not oily what more do you want .... Veg Puff is again a MUST TRY and we all loved it . priced at Rs 15/= its a steal . Nice Filling and perfectly done . Mawa cake - Just a bit more essence but overall good . I tried something in Coconut , cant remember the name but was YUM (maybe cookies) but they just a a couple of pieces left .. maybe next time. The TOAST is also worth the price again 40/-per 1/4 kg . not that sweet but fresh. I was recommended to try the Rum soaked Plum cake .. it was decent. surprised they have more then 70 outlets In Mumbai don't know how they manage . Now my mission is to find the nearest to my house . Hope I find one .. anyone reading this review .. please let me know if there is any outlet in Parel ? worth every penny .. and definitely VFM. prithvishashar.wordpress.com
Rated There has been an explosion of iyengar outlets recently. They serve some delicious vegetarian bakery products and snacks. Location of this one is quite strategic being so close to the station. While their mava cake is soft and moist (though eggless, it's quite spongy), Rava Cake is definitely the popular one (made using pure ghee, it's almost like a solidified version of Maharashtrian sweet snack 'shira' to taste). Coconut cookies are a personal favourite. i would pass up their cupcakes, not so great. Amongst savoury items, veg puff (which is veggie mix stuffed in a puff pastry and baked) is quite good. Generously stuffed, it's quite buttery and for just Rs. 15, is surely the best. Banana chips are also great. People on the other side of the counter are always smiling. All in all, a very good outlet to get basic cakes from; why have packaged sliced cakes when you can get freshly baked cakes from here. And by the time i write this review, m sure one more outlet has popped up somewhere.
Rated Just two words: RAWA CAKE. A quick fix for the sweet tooth, or to deal with a bad day at college - the Iyengar bakeries are one of the hidden gems of Mumbai. I also had the Vanilla Butter Roll - it had just the right amount of buttery cream. The Plum Cake is also good. I'll pass on the Chocolate Cream Roll though - not a fan of chocolate filled croissants. I'm yet to try the cookies and snacks - next visit should be sometime soon.
Rated This is a nice place for a person like me who is pure veg. All bakery items are available here. Try wheat biscuits, veg puff, veg pattice. Cream rolls & Cakes are also nice. Good place to visit for bakery products.
Rated Well i love the colorful cake here dn know if you call it the same or by some other name , well just a place where u wish to eat simple eggless cakes .. remembering good old days then you must try.
Rated Love this place for its delicious fresh Rawa cakes. They have a basic Rawa cake and a chocolate Rawa cake. I prefer the basic Rawa cake. It's so fresh and so delicious that I keep munching on it. Other pastries are the basic butter icing pastries which I didn't really like. They also serve good variety of cookies etc. I would only recommend this place for its Rawa cakes
Rated Iyengars backery is famous for its rawa cake. .. They have bestest rawa cake in town... They serve fresh cakes everytime.... You can have rawa cake anytime anywhere N it 'll never dissaponiment you ;-)
Rated I am not a big fan of baked food. But, there are a couple of things in this shop which I love. Rawa cake, nippat and chocolate cookies is must from this shop. I dont know how r cakes here. But, definitely try in future. Overall a good hygenic bakery in Matunga west. Cheers!
Rated Satkar is a great place to go if you're patient and not picky about your food. I went there for breakfast and it took them four tries to get a medu-vada-with-sambhar-separate order correct. Despite this minor half-hour long inconvenience, they did manage to make decent idlis, very passable sambhar, a coconut chutney that would make its mother proud and a special chai that seemed like a shout-out to Buhari's in Chennai. Also they made us some super fresh Puri bhaji with slightly undercooked potatoes, but it's the thought that counts, really. Probably a front for some Mafia business- everybody there looks dangerous and looks like they're only playing at hotel-hotel. We tipped well.
Rated Been here twice! Good for sea food lovers had ordered prawns fry which were very dry! Chicken lollipops were good chicken Tikka masala was yum! Surmai fry was the star! Though I didn't like the crap much! Orderd chicken fried rice which was a mistake so I will suggest it should be kept only till Indian and sea food not too fancy ambience though! Value for money! Go for food not for looks
Rated Proper Malvani taste is still preserved here. The khichdi is subtly made with proper garnished masalas. A daily-to-go restaurant. Sweet staff!
Rated Fish lover's MUST GO. This isn't a dining restaurant or a hang out spot. It's a place where you want to treat your tastebuds to an AMAZING seafood meal. Been here many times with office colleagues and had all fish and chicken thaalis. I have never left this place without loosening my belt a bit from the overeating! Terrific local place for some amazing fish. Place is maintained well and staff is always active keeping the place upbeat at all times. _ Mk
Rated Visitd this place tonyt...it wasnt a fine dine res..bt it was clean hygienic n even th service was good...we orderd chicken tandoori ,chicken pahadi kebab n chicken tikka biryani..in all these dishes the quality of chicken was too good..chicken was juicy tender n fresh...th biryani was a bit like chicken pulav..bt it tasted good..chicken pahadi was a bit spicy bt it was awsum..we even orderd sol kadi which has a strng taste of ginger n was much needed aftr a heavy dinner..th rates wer moderate..n th quality n taste of food was superb..ppl frm matunga area hav a g8 option to order food at their plce specially for nonveg lovers..
Rated At 140, their chicken biryani reeks of value for money. I eat from here often as it delivers to one of my offices. The chicken biryani is more pulao than biryani- and it isnt Dum- but its a good quick working lunch solution. Todays glistened with oil which is concerning, but overall good tase, good portion, quick delivery and economical. Food reflected well in the rating by the populous.
Rated Sheetal has been one of the easy option restaurant in the area for a good meal when I'm just lazy to go anywhere else. The ambience does not speak much as it's a small place with 6 - 8 tables. I have always ended up ordering for a thali here... Chicken, surmai, prawns... Along with rice, bhakris, sol kadi it makes for a satisfying meal. Also tried the palak khichdi. Loved it. Always end up calling for an extra glass of sol kadi... So very refreshing! The service is very helpful and good! Food - 4/5 Service - 3.5/5 Ambience - N/A
Rated The food is amazing I ordered for surmai thali it was so tasty I landed up hoging more than I usually eat the best Malvani food tasted in Mumbai so far try visiting if your interested in food and not the ambience
Rated I remember my first meal in Mumbai when i shifted to my new flat and i wanted to have something like a biryani, my flat mate made me order from this place and the food was good. No doubt. I had ordered Triple chicken schezwan rice from here. It was good. And the quantity is good for two moderately hungry people. I went again for eating at the restaurant and the restaurant is like a typical diner. A small yet professionally built place with courteous crew and quick service most of the times. I did try their chicken biryani which was good and enough for a person. The chicken was a bit hard and chewy though. I also tried their kadhai chicken and butter chicken which were og good taste and quantity. A must try place if you are ordering or eating daily :) 3.5/5
Rated Ordered home delivery of Dal Khichadi and Dal Tadka on a friends strong recommendation. The restaurant doesn't look promising but we believe appearances can be deceptive and they definitely were... Order arrived in 15 mins flat. Very tasty khichadi, very well made and perfect consistency... I am very finicky about my Dal and it fit on dot quite with my expectations... Overall very good food, great taste, good packaging and great service... Will surely order again!!!! Appearances surely are deceptive.....
Rated I love the tender coconut flavour ice cream very much when mixed with choco chip. ..I love the fruit flavour ice creams of naturals just because they are absolute fresh and tasty
Rated This outlet being so near to home, weekly one visit to naturals is a must 😉.. Staff is very good. They always suggest about new flavours..talking about ice-cream, its always one of the best..no one can beat these flavours..love it 😊
Rated Straight up amazing. Amazing, prompt, very very satisfactory. Have ordered, been to the store as well, love the staff, they remember you and ask you to use your code with which they've saved your address.
Rated Because work was a hop skip and jump away, came here a few times. Is it just me or does Naturals taste different in other cities. Used to be a big fan but found it average each time. It could be a neighbourhood hangout but not more.
Rated A simple ice cream parlour with great variety of flavours. I love their choco-chips, watermelon and strawberry flavours. There are plenty of flavours to choose from and it is nicely priced too. Overall an average to above average place.
Rated Tried their new flavour prasadam... It nothin but jus banana and grapes mixed together...absolutely bakwas.. Rather its best to stick to the classic all time flavours here..sitaphal, tender coconut or roasted almond..
Rated It's a place for all people stays in wadala and matunga. Good option for after dinner plan. They got number of variety and they started with gajar flavour. Tried almost all flavour.
Rated Who doesn't know about natural ice cream in mumbai. The best ice cream franchises in mumbai. My personal favourite is tender coconut. You should not die without visiting this place atleast once in your life. Cheers!
Rated Naturals is an over hyped ice cream joint. There is nothing really great about it. The concept is different and appealing but the ice cream is just average. There are some flavors which are good like sitaphal, mango and Anjeer.
Rated Really good food. i have been ordering from this place for quite a while and the food is always been consistent. Their Bhindi masala is a must try, i have never eaten such yumm bhindi anywhere else. During the season the also serve mango milkshake, you can also parcel it. good quantity. The Only negative is that the order takes too long to reach.
Rated Being a pure non-vegetarian, I was not sure wat to eat at this place as its pure veg. Had ordered for misal pav and cheese kofta. Well both were yummy, service was good and the food was too good. Will surely eat again at this place.
Rated Was on the way to Dadar and was looking for a place to have a quick meal so decided to try this out. Tried out their missal Pav and cheese kofta with naan and roti. Missal Pav was good and so was the cheese kofta. Food served is good for two and is totally pocket friendly.
Rated On way from work felt hungry. Ganga Vihar was right there so parked and went in. Nice simple place. Lot of noise of incessant honking from outside. I guess the AC hall would be better. A bit on the expenside side. Pav Bhaji - 4/5 11.07 ordered and got at 11.22 Well prepared. Banana milk shake - 4/5 Simple but as always the best.
Rated An old competitor of veg restaurant in the area. Food:good , Ambience :good , Parkimg available. Nothing too good and nothing too bad to talk about it. I personally like Khada Pav Bhaji . One thing I can assure that the quality would be the same , the next time you visit.
Rated Given its location, Ganga Vihar harbours meals to quite the crowd; people who are on the go, way to work or college etc. Starting from breakfast, lunch , snacks and dinner this Udupi restraunt offers it all, with its speciality reigning in south indian dishes. Good to grab a quick bite on the go.
Rated If you crave a delicious silky smooth thick strawberry milkshake, this is the place to go to. Me and my friend used to go here frequently for the same. Recently when we went there after almost a year, I was surprised how consistent the taste was! The Paneer Biryani is also super tasty. Nikita
Rated I had been here for my colleague's Birthday party. It is good option for Veg only people and also a budget restaurant. Ambiance is okay but food quality and taste is good. Also a good option for Udupi food. Ambiance : 3.0 Food and Quality : 4.0 Service : 3.5 Overall : 3.5
Rated One of the oldest Udupi food joint in the vicinity. Their south indian items are just perfect. U go there any time u will get the same taste all the time. Their way of serving the particular dishes are also unique. Simple item like Dal Tadaka also makes u feel good looking at it...
Rated Recent visit to family in Mumbai resulted IMA visit to this place. We went with a reservation as I hear this place usually has waiting. A nice ambience with pretty hospitable servers. The taste of the food is good - we tried different items and everything was really well done. They do take the to serve but the noodles and soups are really good. A must repeat place when I want to have Chinese in my next visit to Mumbai.
Rated Love this place. Dine in or take away or home delivery. It's my crack day fav. N rainy day staple. Love the schezwan everything with pot rice or regular veg fried rice. Prawn starter is must order with some yummy dimsum.
Rated Crispy corns in schezwan style.. It's a must try here. This plc has got d best ambience. The staff is good too. They serve d best Chinese food. the quality of food is too good. Though quantity is not! 😛 *overpriced*
Rated Verdict- truly Royal with authentic Chinese. Where in bandra do you find restaurant with such plus seating and three varieties of sections to choose from for sitting. The upstairs is more like chatter house tables, while there are fancy spinning tables on just entering, romantic style tables too. So basically you are spoilt for choices. The staff is super warm and helpful. We went with the beautiful colourful Dimsum platter and it was surely a wise choice. They were beautifully crafted and the colour pop just made it so pleasing to look at. I couldn't pick my favourite till the last bite. The star of the show was the Prawn sesame toast. I never thought something fried could taste so good and without even traces of oil or greasiness. It was a sheer delight and had such a zingy dipping sauce with it. The mains were interesting too. Though by this time I was pretty full. The pork and prawn fried rice was the right blend of sweet pop and savoury after taste. It looked good and tasted even better. We were expecting sauce with the lamb we ordered. The staff was kind enough to provide us with some Special sauce on the side, as we weren't expecting a dry dish. We completely forgot about the sauce as the lamb with spring onion was literally to die for. It melted in my mouth and left me wanting more with each bite. We rounded up the beautiful cuisine with the essential Jasmine tea. I must say, it's truly a restaurant to be on everyone's "TO EAT AT" list.
Rated I ordered in from Royal China after reading the reviews. Their food was really good. Had fun with their menu and over-ordered. The lamb in chilli oil was outstanding and had a nice spicy taste. Their flaming chicken was a pass, but almost all the other stuff was really good quality. I liked the noodles .... ordered a bunch of those!
Rated Went here last week with the family for a quiet anniversary dinner to celebrate my parents anniversary... The service was good and food as always was good too... We tried the crispy seaweed, fried prawns, two types of chicken dumplings and they were all good... The sesame potato toast was not up to the mark... Chicken coriander soup was very flavorful... For main course ordered egg fried rice, some fish preparation and another chicken main course which was all Super... All in all a great experience... Must visit!!!
Rated Royal China is possibly the best authentic Chinese restaurant I have ever tried in Mumbai, not that my repertoire is too great but I try. My brother had taken me out so we went a little overboard with our ordering. Thankfully, that gave me the chance to try out a lot of things on the menu. We started with a great Squid with Burnt Garlic This place is known for its Cheung Fun. We had two types - one was prawn and the other was roast pork. Both were simply spectacular and I completely fell in love with this dish after having it here, having never had it before. Their seafood fried rice was aromatic and crunchy, lovely. We teamed it with stir fried chicken with oyster sauce... spectacular combination. As is expected of a restaurant of this caliber, the service is friendly and fast. The ambiance is relaxed. Of course it's not light on the pocket, this is fine dining at its finest.
Rated Amazing Ambience. Deceptive entrance but surprising Seating Area. Food is one of the best Authentic Chinese Cuisines I have had in a long time.
Rated An airy calm ambience, the places instantly strikes a chord with you! The polite and courteous service by the staff just adds on to the experience! Spiced to perfection, each food item is a perfect blend of flavours, the portions sizes were good and visiting this place is certainly a lovely experience. The place is surely on top of my list when it come to Best Chinese Restaurants in the town! Go for it! 👍
Rated I always love places where one can relax and have a meal....places which are quiet and let you enjoy every morsel you take. All Stir Fry scores a full on that. An airy, calm and suave ambience, the place strikes an instant chord with you. The polite and impeccable service by the staff just adds to the entire experience. Well groomed, knowledgeable and friendly, you are blown away by the level of service. And then you reach the pinnacle of your experience with an awesome food. Spiced to perfection, each item is a perfect blend of flavours. The chilli potatoes and the pan seared basa were soul touching. The main course of burnt garlic fried rice, paneer in hot and sour Hunan sauce and smoked chicken rice were sumptuous. We were full but didn't want to miss out on the date pancake with ice cream. So we parcelled some portion of the main course and jumped to the dessert which didn't disappoint at all! The portion sizes were good- a third person could have easily had a hearty meal with us. So what am I going to do next? Visit the place again and this time for dinner to experience the awesome food in the open air garden space! This place is surely on top of my list when it comes to the Best Chinese places in Mumbai! Go try!
Rated This is fast becoming my favourite Chinese place...It has all the ingredients which make for a great dining place - Awesome Food, Great Ambience and Exceptional Service...Let me touch upon them one by one...First the Great Ambience- This place has a nice airy layout with predominantly a white decor with an awesome garden view...The ambience makes you want a beer or a margarita and just chill...Next the Exceptional Service...Very very well trained servers who are extra courteous and always approach you with a smile...And now comes the Food...Every item that we ordered they hit it out of the park...For starters I ordered the Pan Fried Fish while wifey ordered the Chilli Potatoes...The Basa was juicy and flavourful while the Chilli Potatoes were crispy...For the mains we called for the Smoked Chicken Fried Rice and wifey the Burnt Garlic Fried Rice...This was one of the best chicken fried rices that I have ever had...Along with it we also called for the Paneer in Hot and Sour Hunan Sauce...Wifey loved it though I felt it wasn't going well with the Smoked Chicken Fried Rice...And lastly for deserts we ordered the Date Pancakes with Ice Cream...It was what a good dessert should be...This is emerging to be on top of my favourites list...Will be back again next month...Vandana Mehra Sen
Rated The concept of the unlimited wok is enough for All Stir Fry to be a favourite of many. Although finding the right combination of vegetables, meats, condiments and sauces might be a little tricky for first timers, frequent visitors would agree that it makes a perfect meal. What the Gordon House outlet offers in terms of food is maintained at the Waterstones outlet but they definitely have taken things a notch higher. ... Read full post on settledtraveller.com
Rated Ate: Teriyaki chicken, phad thai chicken noodles, betki fish, tiger prawns, date pancakes Food 5/5: Great prawns and fish! Absolute delight. Teriyaki chicken in the starters had some tough pieces, but that's just me being too picky. Ambience 4/5: Since it's inside the Waterstones hotel, the entry is very fancy. Large spacious tables, intriguing transparent kitchen. Good setting for a peaceful family meal. Service 3.5/5: Ginger ale unavailable, crabmeat noodles unavailable. This was a bit of turnoff, you don't expect this in places such as this. Very enthusiastic service otherwise, no qualms. Verdict: Must try for a family dinner. Not as expensive as you'd expect from a swanky 4/5 star hotel restaurant at all. Cost us 3900 for 3.
Rated We visited this place seeing the top reviews. The ambience is amazing and beautiful. The open section was where we preferred to sit. The starters were good to taste. The basil rice was satisfactory. The desserts were delicious. The service staff were friendly. Overall a nice place to visit once in a while.Dhiraj Sawant Rahul Purohit
Rated Nice place to be. The ambience is amazing. Yu can see Mumbai International airport from inside. The waitresses are way too co-operative. Food is great.
Rated Brilliant! Absolutely mind blowing!! It sounds like it's located in a desolated place but is actually a part of the luxury hotel. Does that mean it is over the top pricey?? Hell no! Menu isn't very expansive but has diverse Asian variety. The servers are genuinely helpful asking for your palate first and then suggesting dishes and what I absolutely love is that they were genuine in their suggestions. The server was vocal about the dishes which haven't received very good reviews from customer and the ones he suggested was top quality. We had tom kha and tom yum soup. Both were tasty but I liked tom kha a tiny bit more. Being a momo fan I was disappointed that they weren't a part of the menu. The chilly honey potato, vegetable tempura and water chestnut and mushroom in starters were delicious with the potatoes being the best of the three. For main course I wanted to try ramen but the waiter suggested against it. The mi goreng noodles (if I remember the name right) were the show stealer!! Sooo sooo good! We skipped the wok and ordered Mongolian noodles and burnt garlic rice along with vegetables in schezwan gravy and soul fry vegetables. Soul satisfying is the only way I can describe the food. End the love affair at all stir fry with honey noodles and ice cream! Such a nice end to the whole experience. The only thing a tad disappointing was the caramel custard. Didn't live upto the mark. It's the only Chinese place other than mamagoto with authentic Chinese food that I absolutely love!! I think it's even better than mamgoto which is a big thing to say for me cz I absolutely love mamagoto! Do visit this place and let me know of other authentic Chinese food joints if any. #HappyTummy
Rated Brilliant discovery. A must visit! Although slightly on the expensive side, this place has great food to offer and an amazing ambiance to match. This is the ideal destination for peace and privacy - would be even more delightful in the evening, given its setup! Not giving the perfect rating though, since we reached towards the time their kitchen closes (2.45pm) so the staff kept hurrying us.
Rated Good Food..Ver nice ambiance..Really had a delightful experience..
Rated Best Chinese cuisine. I always love to go here. I am a fan of chicken dimsums. Loved garlic noodles, Hakka noodles, fish starters, spring rolls. In short everything I had.
Rated I decided to visit this place tonight for dinner and I've always believed this to be one of the best authentic Chinese restaurants in Mumbai. As soon as you enter, the first thing that catches your eye is the amazing ambience. It's a pleasingly dim lit place with low hanging lights below tables with a biege undertone to it which perfectly compliments the wooden furniture. Everything seemed like a top notch fine dining restaurant.. The seating is really comfortable and the lighting is perfect to suit your dining mood.The food too is finger licking delicious just as I expected. As I remind you, this is an authentic Chinese restaurant, so it doesn't serve anything with cottage cheese. Being a cottage cheese lover, I was a lil disappointed. But the food taste great and I was blown away by the appetizer as well as the main course and noodles. I've never got a chance to complain about the food quality or quantity. he only thing I thought which could have been better is the spiciness as I always find authentic Chinese food to be on the sweeter side, I would love it more if they fixed that.Overall an amazing place to have great quality Chinese food. ... Read full post on justaboutfood.weebly.com
Rated It was my dad's bday & Hats off to d whole team ie Mr Bryan, MrSunil Pawar, Mr Pujan,Mr Anjani gave us a memorable feel that's y I keep coming here again& again..higly recommended for celebrations...Thanks
Rated Their buffets are awesome.. its yummy and if you are non-veg u person u have amy choices and veg is limited. I loved meansss full on love wala love ho gaya chic. dumpling se yaaar. In desserts honey noodles, ice cream n bht kuch... Service was not that great so 4 and half rate.
Rated Authentic n good Chinese. The dimsums we had were excellent! We went on a Sunday so it was mad crowded but still the service and food were both perfect!
Rated Mainland China. For students running on meagre pocket money, like me, it is a dream to eat at Mainland China. And when you finally decide to forego meals for the next one week to go there, it better be worth it! We decided to go all out and have a 4-5 course meal. Ordered a variety of soups to give them all a go, and absolutely not disappointed. We decided to go full Chinese and ordered us some wantons which were so good! Following that was the struggle for ordering main course. We went with burnt garlic rice and exotic vegetables in clay pot both of which were absolutely delightful! We also ordered aromatic rice and I refused to eat it cause it smelled so fantastic! It was my friend's birthday so we told the waiter and were promptly greeted by the happy birthday song by a dude with a guitar and on the house lemon cheese cake which was right from the oven. It was so delicious we contemplated pretending it was my birthday too! In the end we were served Jasmine tea to digest the wild meal that we had. It was so worth living in poverty for a while. :D
Rated For delicious chinese food and a fine dining experience, Mainland China is the place. The ambiance here is lovely and the service is excellent. Steamed Chicken Wontons, Clear chicken soup, Sweet Corn Chicken soup, Celery and chicken in wine sauce, chicken pot rice and their Hakka noodles are some of the dishes to definitely try. Also their lunch buffet is worth the money! The fried honey noodles with ice cream is awesome!
Rated Their buffets are okay.. Nothing to talk about. Their a la carte menu is better. I love their Fukien crab fried rice, shangshi crabmeat soup and burnt garlic fish. In desserts I really like their honey noodles with almond flakes...
Rated Really LOVED the nonveg sunday buffet. They had some seafood promo going on & every thing was impeccable. The only complaint I have is that the veg buffet wasn't upto the mark, I felt bad for my vegetarian friend. I did love the veg dimsums though. The prawns & fish in starters were 👌🏽 I took generous helpings of those. The chicken dimsums were also yummy. Seafood dimsums were a bit weird to taste but cooked well. The maincourse also had a variety, with some additional stuff different from starters - crab & lobster. Desserts course also had variety but it feels like the same stuff. I've been to the buffet a couple of times and the dessert feels repetitive.
Rated A nice ambience. Good service. Look like chinese and ACT like them too ( thats how it looked to me ) Food is a kind of wanna be authentic chinese but indian flavor is added. It doesnt really suffice the price its paid for Still not a very indecent place. One of the places offering nothing great to the vegeterians Overall rating: 2.8/51
Rated Had been to this place for my friend's birthday and we opted to go for the buffet as we thought we would get great options. I took the veg buffet and my friend took the nonveg one. They serve "unlimited" starters but I can totally see that they aren't at a loss. The veg starters were so pathetic, especially the veg dimsums, that i couldn't eat even one. The others were ranging from bad to just okay. The non veg starters were decent. My friend liked the prawns but didn't really find anything great about the other starters. Coming to the main course (Of course we were turned off by the starters) but the veg maincourse was okayish and so were the non veg maincourse dishes. The desserts were nice. We enjoyed them. Thanks for not ruining desserts for us. All my ratings go for the service, which was great and the ambience and the desserts. The food quality really needs to be revised. 449+taxes for veg buffet isn't THAT CHEAP that you can't even serve one good veg starter. Honestly, i had great expectations from China Bistro and now i'm so let down that i don't dare to visit this place again.
Rated A long pending review. Amazing. We had opted for buffet and the spread was superb. Lots of options to eat and in the end we were too full. Vareity of Deserts was mindblowing. Loved the place. Worth a visit.
Rated Went there for lunch with a gang. The place is perfect when you have a large crowd. Their buffet is good, although not many options available for the vegetarians. The ambience is good and the food is awesome. Reasonably priced,and they wave off the taxes if you have a good number of people.
Rated China bistro is a nice simple restaurant to find in this side of the suburbs. Have been to the worli restaurant which has got a theme of playing catch and cook with so many small corners and lanes which u have to bypass to get to ur table. The Chembur restaurant in comparison is quite big and open. As u pass the deonar bus Depot you will find a big board stating China bistro on the left so finding this place isn't that much of a problem. They also have valet and if you want there is ample parking in the lane to park your car on your own. Ambience : The place as I mentioned earlier was nice and roomy. Well lit up few good texture painted walls were there. However we found a lot of mosquitoes hovering around here and there and also their air conditioning wasn't upto the mark. After asking the waiter if we could switch tables he looked at me cluelessly which was quite annoying. Service: The waiter was ok not very welcoming and was more interested in seeing the ipl match on the TV. Had to literally ask him twice for water after which he regularly kept topping it up. Even when we asked him about a few dishes he gave us a few vague replies. Food: 1) Corn water Chestnut dumplings: Quite disappointing was very bland and tasted like boiled veggies were steamed and kept in the dumpling had no taste whatsoever. Avoidable 2) Chicken Sui Mai Dumpling : The chicken dumpling however was a tad better than the veg one. Overall I think dumplings can be avoided here. 3) General Maos Tai Chin Chicken : Tangy zesty succulent fresh chicken. Served in 10 minutes after ordering this was a delight. Enjoyed it thoroughly. It had all the ingredients of a good starter. 4) Pan fried noodles veg : Yum yum yum nothing like a good dish of noodles which come with a nice brown sauce and veggies was very tasty and upto the mark. Would love to have this dish again. 5) Burnt Garlic Fried Rice : Quite dry don't have any words really to explain this dish tasted nice only when you have it along with some gravy dish. 6)Stir fried chicken with chillies garlic and basil sauce: This again was another killer dish. The chicken was very nice so soft that it melted in my mouth and the sauce was also medium spicy which was really good. I would definitely recommend this dish. 7) Caramel sponge cake with toffee sauce: This was bang on and was like an icing on the cake. It was so delicious that it got over in under 30 seconds. The sponge cake itself was infused with a Caramel flavor and the hot toffee sauce made it even more mouth watering. For those who don't like really sweet dishes this can be avoided but for the rest it is a must try. Overall bill came close to Rs 2700 which was decent for 4 ppl. Ratings: Food : 4/5 Ambience :3.5/5 Service : 3/5 Pricing :3/5
Rated Food - 3.5/5 Ambience - 4/5 Service - 3.5/5 Value for Money - 3/5 Overall Experience - 3.5/5 On a crowded Friday Night, my brother & I went in for dinner at China Bistro, luckily we got a place to sit & were promptly seated. We ordered for a Corona, Heineken & Carlsburg for drinks & Chicken Yakitori & Butter Garlic Prawns to start with. The presentation of the Yakitori Chicken was great while the Butter Garlic prawns tasted amazing (Worth a second Round of Order). As we had these, we decided to have a 'starters meal' only, so we ordered for Chicken Sui Mai Dumplings & Keong's Chilli Chicken. I liked the dumplings, where my brother was not that impressed and the anyone who likes the flavour of ginger will enjoy it. To sum it up we ordered for a Chicken Fried Rice which was really good. The orders took a while to arrive, however, the humbleness & courtesy of the servers was great. Enjoyed the experience.
Rated This place is amazing! Right next to deonar bus depot, easy to spot restaurant. The lunch buffet is must try. Different types of chicken, and sea food varieties along with a nice range of cocktails for happy hours. I would say total paisa wasool. Mite visit again
Rated Visited this place to try out their popular NonVeg lunch buffet. And oh my, such a huge spread of all the things that one could possibly think of! To start off, we were served with around 7-8 starters which included a few from the veg section as well. The best among them was the chicken in Hunan sauce. The soup served along with the starters was bland. Stuffed with the large portions of starters we fed on, we headed for the main course. The spread looked delicious but could only please the eye. Tried the squid, prawns, and chicken dishes. The squid tasted horrible. The prawns seemed undercooked. The chicken was a saviour here. They had just one type of rice and one of noodles, and both of them were from the veg section. The burnt garlic chilli noodles were good. The last part of the buffet which happened to be the most awaited one too, wasn't really extraordinary. 3 flavours of ice cream, 4 types of fruits, a chocolate fountain, a few pastries, and dried honey noodles were all that it comprised of. *The peach iced tea served along with the starters is something that you should definitely try. Verdict: Food: 3/5 Service: 4/5 Ambience: 4/5 Value for money: 3.5/5
Rated We decided to go for dinner at CB and must say were pleased and satisfied with quality and quantity. We had a combo of Chinese and Thai with no compromise on flavors. The ambience is good, clean place, and cordial staff. They do have a big table and space for group parties which is separated from individual tables. We ordered Apple Basil Martini (unusual and do try), chicken Thai Green Curry with Sticky Jasmin rice, Coconut Caramel Custard, Chicken Taipei, and Corn and Water Chestnut Dumpling, and Thai Guava ice cream scoop but it was in form of kulfi disc which was odd. The dinner went well except I think that my dessert plate appeared greasy... :( But I wouldn't mind going again.
Rated Pretty nice ambience and nice service. Had been there for women's day, they offered complimentary drink for the ladies which could be either cocktail or mocktail (pretty good I must say) Ordered khao suey, chicken dumpling and pot rice. Pot rice was ok ok nothing wow about it. Khao suey was the best loved it including the presentation of food it was really superb. Dumpling was very guey otherwise nothing to grumble about it.
Rated The place is run by Food Link. The food is amazing. We went on a sunday brunch and ordered a set veg menu. The set menu offers a lot of variety and is extremely sumptuous. The staff is super! The dimsums were amazing. Desserts were mouth watering!
Rated Most well known place in sushi n sashimi lovers. Love this place for its class apart decor n food presentation. As they are serving art on plate. It takes serious effort to eat n not look n once it's in the mouth you reach heaven. That's my experience.
Rated Wasabi is one of the finest places when it comes to the freshness kept on your plate the flavours that have perfect balance with quality , ambience is elegant best for special ocassions .
Rated Now for this place you have to be a hardcore sushi fan because first of all its very expensive and you should really know your menu. Every dish was delicious and prepared extremely well or brought guest interaction into the creation which was great fun. Do not want to give away too many surprises as the mystery and discovery is all part of the experience. Great dining experience!!
Rated Fantastic Japanase food. We had the set menu which was very filling. So my advice would be to not have that. The Cod fish was heavenly. That is one dish which was authentic and you won't find that in other Japanse places. The twin prawn sauce was crispy but with too much quantity. The green tea ice cream was different. It's a once in a lifetime place that you must go. Last but not the least take the table at the window with the view of Gateway.
Rated So, a lot of people might find the review of 4.0 for Wasabi outrageous but I have my reasons. So, we went on a Saturday night for dinner to Wasabi. We had heard tons about this place mostly from food review sites raving about the quality of food and outstanding hospitality. We wanted to see for ourselves. So, we landed up at about 7:30 at Taj and got a table as we had made prior reservations. We ordered a Panko Truffle Lobster, Rock Corn Tempura, Spicy Salmon Sushi and Assorted vegetables tepenyaki for mains and appetizers. The food came in quick. First about the sushi, it was super fresh and delicious. It was wrapped perfectly and wasabi was really good. The rock corn tempura had two dips - one was the garlic dip and the other wasabi dip. Both outstanding, would have loved it to be a little less fried though. About the lobster, it was exquisite and cooked perfectly and served within the shell which made it a delight. It had burnt garlic and tomato puree which was heaven to my taste buds. The tepenyaki was also good with tofu in it. We also ordered additional rice, would have loved to see edamame in it though. Overall a good experience, however I did find it overpriced given my sky high expectations. The ambience was good not too amazing though. The staff was warm and courteous - appreciate that. But overall a good place to eat and dine. Price is on higher side though personally. Our bill came to 12000 for 2 and we also had a glass of port wine.
Rated I hav given this restaraunt 5 only bcos I didn't pay for the meal otherwise the food is nothing great or worth would come again if someone else sponsors me ;)
Rated Do u want to have some great food and meet celebrities..welcome to wasabi...is there a bigger scale wherein i can rate them better than 5....great ambience , awesome view of the gateway , the flamboyance of taj and the exclusivity of the dishes...to sum it up...this experience was just "WOW".
Rated The first time I visited Wasabi, with my partner Ramprasad, to celebrate our joint career together we sat facing each other and the small portions of delightful dishes began to float past us! Each preparation was a small wonder of taste and unique appearance ! It seemed the evening came and vanished in a Japanese dream! Several times we spoke to the Japanese chiefs who seemed excited to explain things and to guide us! Make an advance reservation!
Rated Great food and wonderful service. Could not ask for a better meal. I will be back. The 6 course menu leaves nothing to be desired. We went overboard and ordered a sashimi platter initially but I would not recommend.
Rated My last visit to this place was in 2008. After 26/11 that year there were few reasons to visit it. Anyway my last experience here left me with a bias that it is overpriced and overrated. But then, my appreciation for Japanese food too was underrated then as was my poor wallet. We got in 15mins before last lunch order at 2.45pm. Menu was researched so had a pretty good idea what to order. John, the able host, arranged a table by the window. The view of the Gateway is as spectacular as the Taj Mahal of Agra itself. The sight of boats bobbing in the harbour so calming. He pretty much demolished what we had in mind for our lunch. Recommended we go for the salmon carpaccio as a starter, the miso black cod and spinach in sesame sauce for the mains with the wasabi fried rice. Spectacular. No added sauces or pastes necessary to accentuate the delights placed before us. Already full we politely declined dessert. I am not a big fan of Asian desserts - specially not after a fab meal. John and Sandeep insisted we at least look through the menu. Well what the heck. Ended up ordering the Millie Feuille called Kuno Goma. It looked and tasted like it was meant for a Royal banquet. Considering my eating partner and I were both full up, the dessert was wiped clean from the plate. Glad I indulged. Wow! What a meal backed by excellent service. Truly a memorable experience. Okay, the indigestion part - bill. With taxes some USD 100 per head. Similar meal in London's Nobu would be twice that much. There are set meals starting at USD 60 per head, and next time around, when there are more mouths to feed, I may exercise that option.
Rated The people who own this place are sweet, we have seen those in other reviews too. Uncle thumbs up for your dedication towards running this joint and thumbs up to chef for food. Have tried many things but tandoori chicken is the best and tikka biryani is awesome. Must try place for tandoori chicken Fanatics
Rated Tandoor Mantraa is a respite for non-vegetarians in Mahavir Nagar. And this place has the potential to become much bigger and better. We ordered the chicken tandoori and chicken tikka masala. This was the second time we ordered the chicken tandoori and I can vouch for the consistency in flavor. The chicken was well cooked and the flavors were very good. The only thing I would change would be the portions. The chicken pieces are quite small and feel like chicken chunks roasted rather than an entire chicken roasted and then split into smaller pieces. Not to forget the mint chutney that accompanies tha tandoori is amazing! The chicken tikka masala was a slight letdown thanks to the sweetness of the gravy. Once again, full points for the chicken chunks used in the gravy. They were well cooked and succulent! But the gravy lacked any measure of spice. If this was fixed then this could be a good dish! Will definitely order the tandoor again. thefoodasaurus.com
Rated This is a small takeaway outlet.. located right on the link way but can be easily missed out . place is clean... had home delivery as well as visited this place for takeaway.. we had chicken tikka Masala, chicken kolhapuri, chicken hara Masala, panneer kolhapuri, panneer and chicken biryani with rotis... rotis are more like chapatis doesn't mind ... the same red tomato gravy is kept as the base of all veg and non veg dishes.. decent food with decent price..
Rated Tandoor Mantraa is definately a blessing for foodies like me who love non-vegetarian. Well its a small and cozy place which only provides Take aways and home deliveries, but the delivery is always on time and the food is piping hot. I have tried the Tandoori chicken and Chicken Tikka. Both were lip-smackingly delicious and I am definately looking forward to order more dishes from there. Mahavir nagar is known as a vegetarian khaugalli, and I am delighted to have Tandoor Mantraa over here. RECOMMENDED
Rated Had order food using onlone order. Nice service. Food ordered was chicken lollipop which was spicy as v had mentioned in yhe the order. The fault was that it was bit oily. Secondly we had ordered chicken tikka biryani was just perfect. Overall online buyung experience was good n food was also good.
Rated I ordered Chicken Lolipop,Chicken Tikka Biryani and Chicken Biryani online. Both the biryanis were exactly the same(I didn't find any difference in the taste or texture) Biryani was absolutely ridiculous,tasteless and it was not fresh at all.Just adding loads of Food colour and rice won't give you a good biryani,they really need to know this... Who else in this world has eaten Black Lolipop before??Well if you haven't,Tandoor Mantra has it(Please refer attached picture) Lolipop was overcooked and kinda burnt which I'm sure is not the right way to cook it. Service was good but whats the use if the food isn't worth? Well I had to throw it in the dustbin and @Zomato if you are listening please refund my money.Alas ! I had to kill my appetite.. Service : 4 stars Food : Would be in Minus Online Experience : 4.5 Stars Suggestion : Please do not order if you're too hungry, you'll end up wasting your money as well as you'll kill your Appetite !!
Rated Awesome chicken biryani and tandoori lollypop. Tandoori chicken is a must try. Good packaging and delivery speed. Will love to try other stuff on the menu. Thumbs up.
Rated I haven't been able to locate this kitchen-restaurant till date but their delivery is super quick from wherever they might be holed in. The selling quotient of this place is that they're one of the very few non veg serving places in Mahavir Nagar (God bless you). I had called for a full Chicken Tandoori and a Paneer Tikka dry. The chef's elderly father climbed four floors of my building (no lift here) to deliver it. It was kind of embarrassing but the humble man quickly said "Next time, do try our kebabs and biryani" which brought a sheepish grin on my face. :) I hope they flourish and become a mainstay in the otherwise vegetarian ecosystem of Mahavir Nagar.
Rated well i liked tandoor mantra for their fast n on time delivery.Ordered food stuff from there and belive me its of very good quality and taste.The best part of tandoor mantra is they serve your food stuff hot and another thing which i want to add in it they also have special dish for particular day which tastes awesome.
Rated Have never seen this place as we have twice ordered a door delivery . Food is good . And reasonable . As there are no non vegetarian food restaurants in mahavir nagar so this one is on highlight
Rated Wanted to have chinese .... searched for nearby proper chinese restuarant on zomato and der was martin's the chinese nook ... so thought of trying it. The place is small and the ambience is decent. The chinese food was good in quality and taste. The service was nice too.
Rated We have been missing the Martin's outlet in Malad, hence we decided to go all the way to Charkop one. At first it was a bit empty but as the evening progressed it kept getting occupied. The staff is friendly and helps with good recommendations. The food is tasty like I remember it from the Malad one. Each soup is unique with the Martin's special being my favourite. The chilly garlic potatoes were surprisingly yummm. Hoping to go back for the main course soon.
Rated Had a chicken thai pot rice delivered at my doorstep yesterday. The curry tasted funny, maybe because pot rice is not exactly a 'home delivery' item, or just because it lacked spices, garnishing, chicken minces too. Yeah, the curry had very few pieces of chicken. The Gorai outlet of Martin's is pretty promising, that's what prompted me to check out this one. Overall, not satisfied!
Rated Visited here for a lunch. Luckily reached by 3pm sharp they were to shut by 3.30, Ordered only Triple Szchewan Fired Rice it was very tasty & the gravy was very thick, quantity was good, Service Was Fast as it was a closing time Ambiance was awesome Overall Good Will visit 1nce again in fursat.. & will enjoy their food.. Chinese lovers must visit to this place will love it....
Rated Kudos to the reaturant manager Aloknath. We called him in closing hoursbof the restaurant and requested him to extend his closing..and guess what he did agree to. He and n fellow kitchen team waited for us to arrive and served us till we ordered. Hats of guys..great customer service experience. Keepp it up. Food was great and so was the service. Ambience needs to be worked on. And definately need some marketing to improve your busines in that locality. Overall amazing experience.
Rated FOOD 3.5/5 I have always got food delivered from martins! Good food but it's a little overpriced for the location and the quality. Good choice of you need a good Chinese food home delivered. Recently I ordered it through Zomato order online. It was hassle free and I got my food as per my requirements.
Rated The food was delicious but the quantity sucked! We were like 8 of us and each of us spend 450 and were still unsatisfied with the food! The ambience is awesome but still what's the use of designing if you don't get satisfactory food?
Rated A last moment plan to visit this place as it was the nearest one. The rates are quite reasonable. We ordered some special thai rice of the place, it was just like any ordinary rice. Expected it to be different. The quantity is good enough.
Rated It was my first time in martins. I ordered ##paneer chilly## and ## Malaysian noodles## Good for taste....... Good ambience..... Need to improve service.....
Rated This place is just 5 mins. away from my house, yet I never bothered to go there and have food! I have been a regular eater though, as they offer home delivery too. I have tried the Crispy Chicken, Sweet Corn Chicken Soup, Shandong Style Prawns, Egg Fried Rice. Every item was tasty and fresh. I had been here once and its a completely air conditioned restaurant with seating on the second floor. Weekend attracts a lot of crowd and is worth trying. RECOMMENDED.
Rated It's bang opposite Borivali west station. Duplex sitting having both Open (Non AC) and AC section. Known for its Juice centre and Fast food items and extremely easy to locate. As far as food is concerned it's very deceptive. Sizzlers and continental food is really good. Punjabi was good too but as far Chinese is concerned wasn't good. Quantity is ok. It's a normal Udipi resturant with fancy interiors. Prices are little higher on pockets. However if are looking for juices and good sizzlers near station this is the place u can visit.
Rated When you are roaming late nights and hunger strikes you in between and you find a place like a fast food joint and a restaurant combined with it. The similar thing happened with me and my friends we were roaming in Borivali and we found this place opened in the middle of the night. This is a normal fast food restaurant like others. They have a fine dining restaurant upstairs. The taste of their food is average and well the ambience is aslo good, not that great. The servers are co-operative and are of a helping nature. The service of the food is quick and their portion size is enough for a late night hunger. We ordered pav bhaji, the taste was good and yes it's a place for a late night hunger when all the other places in your neighbourhood are shut down for the day. Over all its a nice place to visit and have food. 😁
Rated FOOD 3/5 SERVICE 3/5 AMBIENCE 2/5 It's like a regular small restaurant. The service and ambience is okay. It's usually for snacking in budget. Onion uttapam is the best. Goes well with pineapple or mosambi juice. Pav bhaji is also good here.
Rated Had today's breakfast at this place... its a decent place with good service n nice food. Ambience is nice too.. idli sambar was stomach filling at decent rate. N i liked coffee which was homely. Uttapam was as it should be
Rated Decent place for family dinner or lunch.. Accessible from borivali station so it is the best option for people who travel by train Really nice food !
Rated One of the best place I've visited in past 2 months. The hyderabadi biryani and pineapple raita made ma day, service was outstanding. Do try the pineapple raita. :)
Rated Was in Mumbai for some work . It was a hectic afternoon and was hungry came out of station and saw this food joint just headed towards it . Staff was good courteous and welcoming. Ordered Dal Tadka and cheese garlic naan quality ,quantity,and service were awesome . It was best lunch . Satisfied Satisfied Satisfied ......................
Rated A nice AC abd Non Ac restaurant at the middle of the Busy street at Boriwali west. Kind of Fastfood joint but has got all variety of food. Good South Indian Snacks. We had been here in the afternoon so opted to go for Full Meal rather than ordering snacks. The food was good. Their speciality Paneer Do Piaza and some Mix Vegetable that was good, Raita was bit sour. I cannot call that service as a good service but it was really quick so that's what matters in that busy area. Overall nice experience.
Rated Such a bad xperiance just cant xpress it Taste less food 😖 der was nothing which was good in this hotel i would not recommend any one dis hotel 👎🏻
Rated Tried Chinese bhel here once. It was okayish. I liked Radha Krishna more which is in the vicinity itself. Never been there second time. So please do read other reviews as well.
Rated Chinese, well, Indo-Chinese is my all time favorite cuisine. I have been a fan of Albela chinese was quite some time now. It was a no-mood-to-cook day and I decided to call for some rice and gravy.. so did I. This time I preferred calling it at home so that I don't miss the semi-finals of T20 2016. Whenever I place an order here I firmly ask them not to add any COLOR; they are super expert in that ! I was in a mood to have noodles and rice both, but my tummy doesn't allow me to hog all the time so called for a combination rice along with Veg Honkong, thankfully veg honkong was exactly what I was looking for. Delicious gravy with vegetables and Manchurian balls. Looks like this gravy will be my all time item in the list ;) Love the food !!
Rated The old Albela Chinese was one of the most famous joints for chinese food in Mahavir nagar,although it isn't what it used to be before,it's still a good place for veg chinese food!
Rated I just love this place,its like specially made for chinese lovers only...May be the others wont like the outlook of this restaurant and place....but its a worth eat place,atleast try once....overall a fantastic yummy awesome place for food and for chinese lovers and it can be fit to ur pocket also....
Rated Good place to go with friends. Must try mushroom starters. Probably the best Chinese available in area for such low cost. No matter whatever you order, won't disappoint you.
Rated Indianized Chinese at its best. Nice place to hangout with your friends. Location: Previously, Albela was on the main road, (known as the Khau-Galli of Mahavir Nagar); but now they have moved to a much quieter remote place; just five minutes walking from the original place. Considering, how much traffic & commotion that gets built up on the main road these days, I'd say it was a good decision to move. Ambiance: Okay. Fairly clean tables, nicely arranged. The place is well lit. They also have a TV, so you can enjoy your food while watching live sports or whatever that's being shown. Food: Very Tasty. Had my favourite Môn chow soup; it was hot n spicy; as it should be. Then we tried the Chopper Rice which was served with a thick spicy gravy. The Rice was very much like "Schezwan" Fried Rice but with extra veggies. The thick spicy gravy had chopped pieces of Manchurian in it along with loads of capsicum and spring onions. The gravy goes well with the rice. Service: Quick and hasslefree. Staff is polite, ready to help and were very generous in giving extra fried noodles. On weekends though, the dishes seem to come out from the kitchen at a slower pace. Cost: The quantity of food served is king size; meaning this place is very economical for your wallet. Delivery: Available but haven't tried it yet. Recommendations: Môn chow soup, Spring rolls & Chopper rice. Overall a place worth visiting for its delicious generous servings of Indo-Chinese treats.
Rated Awesome chinese food available. . Place is not so good but food is excellent! ! I have being going there for almost 2 years.. Excellent taste..
Rated Moved from mahavir Nagar ka khau gali to a more not so good location. This place was crawling with customers earlier. In need for. A bigger place shifted. Not so good decision if you ask me. Quantity is its speciality. Quality has reduced over the years. Serves typical Indian Chinese.
Rated I stay near this Bhagwati, and it is little over rated. The only plus point is that it's open till midnight. I have tried almost everything here. Food quality is good enough, except for Sundays. In those rush hours don't be sure of what will be served to u :D In larger sense, it is strictly for having food and u cannot spend time and enjoy the time there. Home delivery service is also quick except on Sundays again. Punjabi sabzi's taste delicious and dal fry is a also a must try here. One of the convenient restaurants that I order from frequently.
Rated Very popular fast food restaurant in Kandivali. This place is famous for its bhaji pav and indeed it was very delicious. Very pocket friendly. Nice place to grab a quick bite.
Rated The name which has coupled with Pavbhaji in Northern Suburbs, Bhagwati Veg Restaurant is a bigger restaurant of the original Bhagwati Pavbhaji (at IraniWadi). This one is at charkop and is a thriving place all 7 days a week. From South Indian to Chinese, every item on the Menu is delicious. The unique item I have tasted here is their Mysore Masala Dosa. They prepare it in a totally different style then other restaurants and is a must have. And I cherish having Fresh Lime Soda here. No restaurant can prepare it better than them. Needless to say, Pav Bhaji is what got then on the map and it continues to be the same over the years. The ambience is okay and is like most udipi restaurants of its class. This is not a fine dine restaurant but your everyday food joint. The staff is too polite and well behaved. The place is buzzing with customers in every part of the day all 7 days of week. It seems more of a chaotic market than a restaurant in weekends. Avoid going here on weekends if you don't like to wait in a long que to get a table. Nice place to go out with family and friends
Rated One of the yummiest and buttertiest pav bhaji joint! I visited this place out of temptation to have pav bhaji and since I have heard quite a lot about the pav bhaji of this place I thought to give it a try. The place is simple and clean, a medium-sized restaurant. I ordered pav bhaji and was served promptly with the dish. As soon as the dish was placed it was looking soooo mouth watering. The bread seemed to be dipped in butter😛. The bhaji was tasty and I didn't felt like it only potatoes in it which most of the restaurants serve. They also serve extra spicy chutney to add in pav bhaji😋. My overall experience was good and buttery 😅.
Rated Had heard a lot about this place especially for its pav bhaji, so wanted to try it. Since we went on Saturday there was a lot of crowd.. But we didn't have to wait as they had a lot of space.. Ambience here is OK. So firstly we ordered masala papad and veg crispy which OK. Then we ordered a normal pav bhaji and khada cheese pav bhaji to try something different.. Pav bhaji was good and so was khada cheese pav bhaji which was overladen with cheese, it was just brilliant. The service was also good. Couldn't have the chance to try out Punjabi dishes. Certainly next time will try. Overall I would say pav bhaji lovers will certainly enjoy this place and it is certainly a veggies delight..
Rated It's highly overhyped. Quality of food is compromised here for the price it takes and it is extremely congested place to be at. Being a #foodie I'd any day recommend Tulsi Vihar a smaller but better joint in similar category located close by.
Rated Although i am not a vegetarian food fan,the food here is quite amazing! I come her when i Hangout with my gujju friends! Anyway, the best thing they make here is their pavbhaji! Your heart will melt while eating that! ❤
Rated I found nothing good about this restaurant. Been here just twice and never returning again. So once I noticed a family sitting nearby and they just kept staring at us while we were eating. The service is also not quick and the food is also not that good. Food: Moderate Ambience: Moderate Service: Moderate
Rated The pav bhaji that the restaurant is famous for is the best part of eating here. The garlic chutney that is served additionally adds a different dimension. It is a very spicy. So a word of caution to rationally use it. Apart from the this the restaurant delivers well on the regular udipi stuff of dosas, idlis, pizzas and north indian courses. The final and a very inportant advantage is the late night service. The place is easily open till 2.00am making it a night owl favourite in the area. 3menwalking.com
Rated After a shopping at borivali decided to visit to bhagwati Nice place for a quick meal. Everything on their menu is good. My personal favourite are the Cheese Pav bhaji Perfectly made and Perfect taste, which was served with a xtra cheese. Also ordered dal makhani was very yummy , it is one of the best you would find in Kandivali . A value for money. Ambiance Good Service Good Overall Excellent Veg Lovers must visit to this place.
Rated It's a fast food place at a very good location. Ambience: Needless to say,Needs an upgrade, it could serve better ,but then low cost factor could be lost. Food:Black Pav bhaji: It's a different thing from the regular one though my taste buds are used to red one ,Must try. The best thing is u get HALF Pav bhaji too , so u can easily have both of the Pav bhajis available. Vegetable pudla is another good thing , the chutneys served with it spices up the taste. Chinese Bhel n soup could be better. There's gola too but not so appealing Will try the delicious looking Chamcham next time. Service : Barring Weekend evenings after 8 pm ,service is good.
Rated My search for a delicious black pav bhaji ended here! Located next to Borivali Biriyani Centre, this places offers some mouth watering delicacies❤ Be it tawa pulav, pav bhaji, chinese noodles, cham cham (masala pav) and icecreams- everything is worth trying and it surely will not disappoint you. The best thing about the pav bhaji here is that the pavs are not too greasy and the bhaji has a perfect balance of taste:) If you love spicy stuffs, Chamcham is worth a try. The ambience is okay(who really cares when the foood keeps you busy), service is super fast and most importantly, not tight on pocket at all. Another best thing about this place is they also serve half a place of anything (pav bhaji, tawa pulav etc) Totally recommended!
Rated Best Place To Have Pav Bhaji For Pav Bhaji Lovers. Maa Anjani Pav Bhaji Centre Serves A Special Black Pav Bhaji. A Must Try Dish. Regular Pav Bhaji N Chumchum Also Taste too Delicious.
Rated This is a small pav-bhaji centre which is next to BBC (Borivli Biryani Centre). If ur looking something different out of the box.. Black Pav-bhaji is a must try over here. Its a lil too spicy den the normal pav-bhaji. Cham Cham masala pav was also yummy in taste. Quick service and a nice place to hangout with friends
Rated Maa anjani pav bhaji centre is small place next to Borivali biryani Centre which is famous for its black pavbhaji ..... so decided to try it. The black pavbhaji was good and tasty ... smethng different dan usual one. The cheese masala khichha papad was good too.
Rated This place is next to BBC. A place that offers variety of pav bhaji and their signature black pavbhaji which basically pavbhaji with secret black masala that the use to prepare. Good food and lot of fusion of bhaji and breads Taste. 8 Ambience. 6 Service 6 Value for money 8 Overall 7 A place to visit....
Rated Black Pav bhaji is their specialty but personally i didn't like its taste ........other Pav bhajis are awesome like cheese Pav bhaji n khada pav bhaji also
Rated I really wondered about what is Black pav bhaji? So I just decided to visit this place and try it once. When I ate it I was pleased with its taste. It was something new for me. They have a lot of varieties of pav bhaji. Besides pav bhaji there are many other items that they serve but most of the people have just pav bhaji and tawa pulav. Finally I would say that if you are a true pav bhaji lover, you must go there at lest once. { THANK YOU }
Rated As my hunt for best pavbhaji in Mumbai continued... I had come across this Maa Anjani Pav Bhaji Centre on zomato. This place is famous for its Black PavBhaji. Located at Borivali... this place has two branches. One at yogi nagar and other at link road near chikuwadi. I found the reviews and ratings of Chikuwadi better and higher. I had to visit here. They serve a lot other dishes besides pav bhaji. I did not sit there to eat due to my naughty son.. but took a parcel along. So now coming straight to the food- I tried their Red and Black Pavbhaji, Tava Pulav and the Chinese Bhel. Red Bhaji- The bhaji was good. Not the best .. but pretty descent. I found it a bit spicy. I am glad I din't see much of red. (Assuming they used less food color) Black Bhaji- The black was excellent. It was finger licking good. This was by far the best black pav bhaji I had. The flavors were balanced and perfect. You can't miss trying this here. Tava Pulav- As this was Jain... I did not really enjoy it. I have had better tava pulavs though (Jain and Non Jain) Chinese Bhel- The bhel was ok. Again not the best but pretty descent. It was not too sweet nor too sour as usually a lot of places serve. The Garlic Chutney- The chutney was awesome. It was a mix of tomatoes, garlic and spices unlike the bhagvati chutney which is just red chillis and garlic. It definitely is tasty but really spicy and thus harmful. The garlic chutney at Maa anjani tasted more like the Masala Pav masala. It was flavorful and could taste the garlic as well as the tomatoes. I wish I had ordered the Masala pav as well..may be next time. Well I am happy with my find. Definitely, will have more of it soon!
Rated Not so greasy paav bhaji with right balance of spices, veggies and flavours. Sustained the journey home and remained tasty enough. Masala paav is also a good option but tends to be soggy while traveling as a parcel. Better to sit and eat on the spot itself. Quite a famous place and definitely worth another vis droolraftan.wordpress.com
Rated They've got some awesome real flavoured heart melting ice creams, especially the Sitafal and coconut ice cream, serving real fruit flavours is their specialty!
Rated Natural's has always been my all time favourite when it comes to ice creams. They have wonderful flavours, seasonal too and all natural! Tender coconut is a must try. Next is sitaphal. When it comes to seasonal flavours, alphonso mango, kala jamun and watermelon are something that I always crave for!
Rated Hands down...the sitafal ice cream here is literally what people crave for...it being seasonal... And from the others to pick...tender coconut and coffee walnut are a must have here... :-)
Rated Nothing is better to enlighten the mood than some good ice cream. Love the franchise. They have a perfect range of choices to choose from. Specially the seasonal variety that they offer. My personal best are the chocolate ones. Cheers!
Rated Good service and quality maintained by the company to retain the customers visiting the store all across the city since many year Good variations and combinations of the flavours
Rated Natural has always been a prime choice for icecream lovers. I luved their tender coconut and chocobite ice creams. Quality of both the icecreams were highly satisfactory with beautiful creaminess in the texture. In all its a must have.
Rated Always amazing !!!! The best ones which one must definitely try are tender coconut, malai, chocolate, black grapes, etc.. A place where you get the best ice creams at reasonable prices..
Rated What should I say which was never said before...they serve one of the best ice cream & everyone knows that....but this outlet also delivers ice cream, pretty fast anywhere in and around kandivali...my favorites are Tender coconut, mango & the list goes on & on
Rated I didn't know about this decent fine dine until yesterday. Located in a comparatively quiet neighbourhood of Borivali, Gossip is a nice place to dine. This restaurant is reasonably big and is well decorated. The ambience altogether is quite impressive and the slow melodious music is just a cherry on top. We visited this place on a weekday and it was fairly occupied. There wasn't too much of noise which is the case in almost all fine dines in Mumbai. The menu offers variety of dishes in Punjabi and Chinese cuisine and a couple of Thai dishes. However, the dishes were not cliché and it had something different to offer. The captain was actively suggesting the dishes as per our taste and all the dishes that he suggested were superb. The plating was up to the mark and so was the taste. Of all the dishes we ordered, I loved Cheese Ball Schezwan Day and Veg. Jasta Kebab very much. The service was quick and the staff does what they should do very well. I was impressed to see such near perfect service in a restaurant in Borivali. This place also has Karaoke, if you are game for it but it is available only till 10 p.m. All in all, a great place with reasonable pricing. Must visit. Rushikesh Parekh Ravi Parekh Dhanashree Prakash Parth Parekh Kaitav Shah
Rated Nicely done terrace restaurant with warm staff and delicious veg food. That kind of sums up the experience at Gossip Fine Dine. Don't go by the name, there is nothing FINE about this dining. It's a casual dining place with large screen for sports or karaoke. Panner lajawab was soft and delicious. Prices are pretty ok. All in all a doable veg place!
Rated Thought of trying this place for a casual dinner! It is spacious and nicely maintained. Well lit with the sports channel going on. We ordered chinese papad and the gossip chef special sizzler. The service was pretty good and the waiters quite ready to serve you out. The sizzler was good but was a bit disappointed with the gravy accompanied with it. The papad was over powered with the taste of garlic and onion. They give nice chaknas with drinks.
Rated I was suggested тнιѕ place from my friends Ambiance ¡s good but not that extra ordinary чσu cant feel cozy Had some staters I would really like to tell чσu guys panner was really superb it was really very soft One of the waiter had suggested us a dum paneer starter I dont remember the name ßut it was yummy should try that fσя sure Other starters were not up to the mark We had also odered fσя dum biryani but was not really satisfied with it Food is decent Ratings Food 5/10 Ambiance 5.5/10 Service 4/10
Rated Its a Rooftop Restaurant & the Ambiance is nice : well lit & spacious. The Staff was extremely co-operative and service was great. Good place for big groups. Its a vegetarian place, that also serves alcohol. Must Try : Paneer Dum Lazeez (starters) & Thai Cream Soup & the Chinese Masala Papad, all three were simply lip-smacking. Just a small problem, mosquitoes around as its an open air place, but the problem goes away if you request them to light some Mosquito coils.
Rated Me and my girl just wanted to have to dinner at veg treat,as it s our mostly visited restaurant,but I wanted to visit some new place, so as usual zomato, an the zomato has suggested this place, you wont..get..pleased by passing this rooftop restaurant, as its situated above the bar, I avoid visiting such places, but when I parked my bike and entered the place, which was nicely decorated with dim lights, as u go up, the place is huge,clean, and well decorated ambience with plants and big screen for matches just cant belive umumba wins the match,the tables are well maintained the staff is helpful with table,we ordered paneer drogon starter, have never tasted such awsum dish,staff suggested for Chinese masala papad, it was ok, then we ordered paneer lajawab and khulcha, the food quantity and quality was perfect, the staff was really helpful specially Mr Shetty,they also very lovely feedback form,one should vision he place...keep up the great work..
Rated he staff is excellent. They guide u through their dishes and explain all of it with much enthusiasm making sure that u get the best stuff on ur plates :) So based on my choices and their recommendations we ordered chinese sizzlers .its too yummy.
Rated Gossip fine dine is a kind of roof top restaurent. The ambience is lovely.. beautifully decorated with flowers, good music played. The food is nice n tasty. Chinese sizzler was good but the rice quantity was less. The coco passion moctail and the chocolate cake was nice too.
Rated Gossib was first very popular and well unknowing but now a days people prefer to go CCD OR STARBUCKZ in gossip they have very limited varitey so no choice in this
Rated Gossips Fine Dine. 1st time visit for a friends birthday dinner 🍴. The stairs to the place are welcoming to a dimly lit and properly organized place. The ambience is excellent. Soothing music 🎶 played and a projector screen for important matches and also a karaoke corner. The service is pretty good. The menu is filled with variety of cuisines and does not disappoints on the taste offered. The food is good. One more option for vegetarians to enjoy their meal in a soothing environment. This place is huge with ample seatings available. Drinkers won't be disappointed as there is a also bar available. Over in all a perfect abode for Borivali peoples for a nice dinner with friends and family.
Rated Super !!! Wat should i say dese place has helped us filling our tummy in very very harsh times , rite from d tym wen we had only 100bucks for a day as pocket money !!! I dnt knw how many times i have visisted dese palce n number times !!! But i would recommend very few dishes chicken crispy , chicken 65 , chicken lollypop and hakka noodles chicken few of dem but certainly not a place to go with your beloved family but defiantlly a place to go wen u r livivng shoe string bud
Rated This place deserves more photographs than just that bench. I have always taken home delivery. It has been on time,tastes good and not at all heavy on my Pocket. Its a treat to order and enjoy food from Super. Need to try the mid night hogging from this place once.
Rated I am usually harsh at tastebuds. But but..this food joint is the best in the suburbs. Food especially so called indian chinese is superb. Simply yummy. It serves till late nights till 2 or 3am. Service is so quick that u blink your eyes and food is here. A must visit for night outers.
Rated If i have to put it into a one line den "Good hotel at wrong place" Food is delicious. Chinese food is amazing. But the place is not at all good to go and have meal there. With family a straight no.. Just call them and bring it home..
Rated The best thing about this place, it was generally used to remain open till 4 am. Good rates. Food is good to taste. Delivers orders any where between Kandivali, Borivali and Dahisar East. Overall a good place to order from if your arranging a small party at home.. P.S. The Chicken Lollypops are simply awesome!!
Rated I have been to this restaurant & quite frankly the interior resembles a bar then a restaurant, so not a ideal place to take your friends there with you. I have only ordered Chinese for home delivery. The starters & gravy items are decent. The rice items not so much, they always give some weird taste & they always feel dry for some reason. FINAL OUTPUT - Not a good place for dine-in but ideal place for home delivery it is a good thing this place has a delivery radius of more then 2 km (some restaurant refuse take order unless the order is for a place nearby), it also has a cheap price range.
Rated Good food and worth every penny!!! Go for it and you won't regret ,try chicken chapan rice and surmai fry
Rated Ambience: It's a very small place with 4-5 tables inside n same on the outside. Will get stuffy when crowded.You feel like you are inside the kitchen if you sit inside. Service:The staff is very helpful n friendly. The order came within 15 minutes. Food:Ordered 4 cheese pasta n Pepsi It was so cheesy n zucchini made it really exotic! Tried the 70 rs Go green pizza , Though small size,it was so tasty @ just 70 rs ! Nd its @50 rs on thursdays. There are loads of offers on weekdays !
Rated I remember the time when I used to go here with my friend! Their non-toasted mayo sandwich had my heart👌🏻 Well the 3.5 which I gave was just because of the food! Ambience was average. There is air-conditioning but still not something to make merry about! RECOMMENDED
Rated Small seating area yet a good place to hangout with friends. Good food quality. Nice taste. Not a bad experience. Nice place to have some light snacks.
Rated Decent place But still the sandwhichs are very dry I personally don't like dry sandwhichs Still it's a place where many collegiates go
Rated Ordered a cheese margarita and I got timely delivery so thumbs up! Plus what a pizza! I loved the crust. Rightly crispy and cooked till the right end. This time it was just a pizza but next time I'm definitely going to visit the outlet and try many more dishes :)
Rated Small and adorable place best place for hangout the pizza are actually cheap and good in taste .
Rated Cheelizza is a tiny outlet which serves pizza, pasta, sandwiches and many things more at reasonable rates. The pizzas are very soft, cheesy and tasty. The go green 6inch pizza was very good in taste but was little disappointed with arrabbiata pasta which was a bit not cooked properly.
Rated Dear Friends , We had been into Cheelisa long back.. That time everything was different. But when yesterday we had been there we saw many new items like Pastas Open Sandwiches..Pizza in different Breads options and Many more things.. They have changed their menu. I tried to taste pasta while ordering one 4 Cheese Pasta. It was DELIVERED within 15 mins and it was very sufficient for 2-3 ppl. The price was also very reasonable compare to others and quality was also good. Only thing was they served in aluminum container which was little OK types as we had ordered there itself...and the Herbs they used was of so low quality that couldn't find it suitable for eating it. They have done a quite a good job in changing their menu and making it look different.
Rated Well it's early evening all restaurants shut Decided to try it out Well it wasn't as expected I ordered the chicken tikka box which is pretty decent and filling at that price It has 1 biryani, 1 dessert, chicken tikka gravy, curd and a paratha The biryani was a bit bland Rest of things were pretty decent Well if you're on a go or want to have something handy , give it a try !!
Rated tried once when it had newly opened. Didnt turn out as per my expectations. They dont serve authentic biryani as one would expect going by their name, neither is the food freshly cooked. they have packed food which they heat and serve. Food taste and quality was decent, not bad but why would someone opt for this against freshly cooked food?
Rated Ordered from here at home. The burbank is good to taste. I had the chicken Tikka biryani. The order was delivered home in a good amount of time. Got some phirnees. The only issue was that they put very less chicken pieces would prefer if they increase the quantity. Food 3.0 Price 2.5 costly Service 3.0
Rated Famous for its Boxed meals I had opted for delivery. Food quality was good. Delivery was on time. Reasonable rates when you consider the quantity. Main course was good. Starters ans Desserts were average.
Rated tried for the first time n pleasantly surprised as the biryani was perfect- not too much masala n not dry too not too oily- the raita n salan to accompany it was also good. Neatly n well presented n packed in nice bright paper box- good ...
Rated Biryani has been on my biryani bucket list since a while and I had the opportunity of exploring it a month back. It basically does not have a decent seating arrangement so a delivery is preferred.. I ordered for a chicken tikka box comprising of rice, gravy, kebab and raita..it costed me around 200/- the potato chilli bites are my favourite and definite recommendation...the box is more reasonable than ordering each item individually as the quantity is good enough to serve two moderate eaters..it's fast and convenient... Good service and good food and best when you have no time to burn down your kitchen... Burn your hunger instead...order a biryaan box now!
Rated Trying Biryaan for the second time and it seemed quite decent. The chick baida roti is superb and especially their rolls for a quick bite. Biryani seemed very average and had no special flavour that stood out. Delivery time must be improved and the food packaging is good.
Rated located near bhagwati hospital ,it having good competition with hotel ammi's biryani in same building which i have tried earlier . both have same speciality so this time i decided to give a try to this one. now here i'm going to compare both as they are next to each other and i have tried same menu from both hotels. starting from biryani. their biryani was better compared to ammi's it was made like biryani should be gravy and rice and pieces of chicken but sometime it end up in like only rice n no gravy at all so they should keep it proportional while packing. pieces of chicken were nice tasty n good in quantity unless like ammis which has only 2 pieces leg n one small but looking at size both have same amount of chicken, while quantity of rice was less but taste was better. but disappointment start when you looks for other items chicken tikka kebab n hariyali kebab was well cooked okeish kinda boring in taste. while curries were totally waste of money and should be improved a lot butter chicken was tasted like raita cooked in red color no taste of butter n taste of gravy n chicken were different like they came from different kitchen or something. in this case ammi beat them in every aspects. while both has to work a lot to get at the level of my favorite BBC. if i have to choose from this both for biryani ill go for biryaan but for other dishes ill go for ammi's
Rated I ordered from biryaan last weekend. The ordered took around 1 hour to get delivered which was mentioned during placing the order. I ordered 2 chicken tikka biryani combo. The order arrived in a nice box which included biryani in a small container, raita and gulab jamun. Biryani quantity was ok and only enough for a single person. The disappointing factor was that it was very very dry. I haven't had such dry biryaani in my life yet. There was not enough masala which made it difficult to it. Thank god there was raita for rescue. The gulab jamuns were really good. They were soft, fluffy and had nice taste. Overall not very satisfied with the food.
Rated Being a biryani lover, anything by the name of biryani is exciting and this place Biryaan’s was a must try when I first heard about it. I ordered food through zomato online and I’m really happy with taste and delivery time. They delivered within 40 mins in a smart box. Opening the box I found a cup of raita, a dessert, tissues, fork and a toothpick! I was impressed with their packaging nice, neat and tidy. I had ordered combo meal box: Paneer tikka biryani & Chicken biryani. Combos are great and easy on the pocket. Only drawback: Quantity was less (medium). Not enough for one person! I still feel the quantity was not line with the money they charge. Overall a good biryani outlet, recommended for take away or delivery!
Rated Quantity and quality at such prices?A big thumbs up!! We were group of 4 on a sunday.. Ambience decent, clean. Good for family. I was told its recently renovated. Staff warm. Coming down to food. Ordered Dosa- nice and crisp, tasted good, coconut chutney is to die for. ordered extra twice! Pav Bhaji- pav nicely doused in butter, bhaji was well mashed and cooked with the right amount of tangy flavour, along with chopped onion and lemon. ordered 4 extra pavs, yes that much was the quantity. it was polished off within minutes. Next was Schezwan fried rice with Veg manchurian- Rice didnt have the regular orange look. it was very faint orange, but the taste was nothing less than a good 3 star fast food joint. Manchurian was soft and well cooked, the accompanied Schezwan sauce was the winner. was later told that they dont add color to the food.. hmmm impressed. Veg tawa pulav was next- it was strictly ok, paneer was not soft and it needs improvement. Pizza- wow! just wow!! great flavor!! melting cheese!! this is a repeat!! Ended with Matka kulfi- yummiest kulfi ever eaten!! even licked the matka!! Last but not the least- Royal falooda sundae- we all were bloating by the end of our meals!! full stomachs but not heart!! gonna visit this one soon!! Very well managed. Keep it up!!
Rated Great stuff ! Loved it ! Would definitely recommend ! Ordered paneer satey n after a long time i had some unique paneer starter ! Should visit , satisfying
Rated The food is awesome, both in taste and quality. Unlike other restaurants where quality is compromised, here it is given utmost importance. No artificial colours, cheap oil and spices. The rates are very reasonable, affordable to each and every pocket. What more can you ask for. So just go for this food joint and relish the food which suits your pocket and taste bud.
Rated Firstly...the starters like paneer crispy ..and paneer makai sheen were ...superb ...with unique taste and plate arrangement......very rich in paneer 😍 Secondly ...the dishes like veg chili mili are a great mix veggie combo having paneer and just the right mix of spices ...the services were apt enough and ....the tawa pulav was out of the world... So if we see as a whole ...the food is great with no additive colours and not too oily either...added to the fact that's its a great value for money!!! I really recommend everyone to visit it...!! Enjoy ur dinner guys🙌
Rated Decent place though cant much write about the interior as i ordered a parcel the food is decent i had ordered a tomato uttapam and a masala dosa it decent . The dosa batter has rava so u will lyk it
Rated best restaurant in borivali..worth ever penny food is also good..staff is very cooperative also delievry of food is always on time..if u r looking for economic resto in borivali then here it is
Rated Placed a Take away order and it was really nice to have food on time!!! Then comes the taste... palak paneer was quite good in matter of taste and quantity.. The best part was my sister who doesn't have palak was enjoying it so thumps up for the taste!! I m giving 3.5 as my order was not full fledged. Next time will try full course meal and the ambience of the hotel for new ratings.
Rated This restaurant is The Best Reasonable one compared to othrs nearby ... And quantity is also good ! Ambience :Recently Renovated hanging lamps provide good view plus previously inside area used to feel warm but now chimney has been installed. Food: Pav bhaji ,tasted just the Mumbai taste it should, aloo paratha with raita nd such taste ! Veg kolhapuri Was Perfect ! Paneer Tikka masala was good. Though roti was not so soft. South Indian should not be ordered,idli was worst. Triple Schezwan rice was the regular good taste Veg cheese grill Sandwich was tasty with melted cheese Paneer tikka pizza can give enough competition to dominos,pizza hut,friends still remember this pizza ! Quantities for items were Awesome ! Delivery time: 30 mins flat for a big order on sunday evening was impressive. Taste:4/5
Rated A big fan of Five fat monks. This time I chose to have their customized rice bowl and their special monk chow soup. I chose carrots, bell peppers and brocolli as my veggies alongwith chicken and spring onions n chives and coriander as the garnishings over a spicy tangy saipo sauce. The taste overall was jst perfectly spicy for my tastebuds. The veggies were cooked nicely and the rice was soaked perfectly in flavour of the sauce. The soup was also very good and served in the right proportions as well, with appropriate veggies n chicken tossed in. Satisfied five fat monk wok meal :-) with Sharvari Kotnis
Rated Good Asian box style food which can be customized to your requirement. I ended up going for flat noodles worth chicken and broccoli made in Thai sauce and garnished with burnt garlic and onion.. Liked the main dish, chicken dimsums and Tom yum soup..service is pretty quick and we got our food within 7 minutes of placing the order..good option for quick takeaway or when you are in a hurry.. Only turn off was that the place was empty on a Saturday evening..this deterred us also from entering however decent Zomato rating encouraged us to go for it..ambience is boring great but it's very value for money, decent Asian food joint.bill was hardly 900 for the two of us without desserts.
Rated The Chinese here is somewhere between the Indian Chinese and the authentic Chinese..so it is kind of satisfying..the one bowl meal is good with a good quantity, they give a lot of options for the sauces. I have tried their bao as well .the filling was really flavour full with a punch of burnt garlic. Though the bread was more thick than usual
Rated Free Green Tea !! Dats the best thing about this place. Well, the other best thing is the fresh ingredients they use. Ordered a wok with egg, flat noodles and veggies was very flavourful. Chose Thai herb sauce with peanuts. The peanuts gave a crunchy twist tot the whole dish. Mushrooms and Chinese cabbage added certain texture to the noodles. Overall a satisfying experience.
Rated The ambience at Five Fat Monks is lively and in coherenve with their theme. The menu gives you a gamut of choices - It takes a while to go through the ingredients and order your food. I ordered a Paneer Flat Noodles and I loved the preparation. The quantity is pretty good too! One small suggestion would be to advice customers against using certain sauce combinations. Just to check the waiters response, I asked him to mix the oyster sauce with burnt garlic (definitely anti-thesis of each other) to see whether he tries to rectify the order. He didn't, I changed it later.
Rated This was on my wish list for as long as I can remember (ever since it opened I think). I finally got the chance yday, for lunch. The ambience is so cool! Being a weekday afternoon it was believably empty. The service was prompt though. I ordered the five fat meal - rolls, soup, salad and my own small wok box (rice, paneer and manchurian sauce). The food was surprisingly light, yummy and not unnecessarily spicy. The ingredients were so fresh and every grain was cooked with care. I loved every bite, but then it was expected since almost everyone has given this place a fab review!! The Zen hen will be my next. Are desserts usually available? They weren't when I asked.
Rated I am a regular at this place. I get it home delivered most of the times. The food is full of flavour and the sauces are amazing. For starters u could try silky dim sum. I really like Make your own section where we can choose our own Base, veggies, sauces, meat and garnishes. Go for kung pao sauce as it is spicy n sweet or maybe schezwan sauce. In specials I really like silly chilly in noodles and zen hen and big monk special in rice. The special's quantity is enough for 2 people. Whenever you feel like having Chinese, five fat monks is the place to go.
Rated Five Fat Monks sits comfortably in the crowded Ground Floor area at the R City Mall in Ghatkopar. The ambience is perfect for a nice quick hot meal even on a Sunday when the mall is virtually full to its brim with enthusiastic shoppers The staff is also extremely cordial but something just doesn't click with me with regards to the freshness/taste of the Wok style cuisine. On this instance I had ordered for some noodles with fish accompanied by one of the spicy sauces The fish was served in big blocks, it was bland and somehow lacked the freshness and aroma associated with a tasty fish fillet. The portion size is good but somehow if the actual taste doesn't excite your palate you are bound to lose interest in the food midway Most of my review points are for the extremely simple and unassuming ambience which is pretty relaxing but the food needs to be paid attention to
Rated The overall experience was really good Ambience- 10 Service- 9 Food- 8½ Staff- 9 We went for my friends birthday over here and our evening went really well. The staff is well trained and quick. I asked for new plates for every course and they didn't mind doing it. They keenly observed who'll came inside and quickly served water to us. Love the way you order food. They provide pencils and a paper with all the ingredients so u just mark what you want and they make it. Open kitchen so was very satisfied by the hygiene standards. Things to totally order 1. Crunchy chicken wings 2. Spring rolls 3. Bombay spicy chicken It was rather sad that they didn't have any potatoes so my vegetarian friends had a limited choice of only paneer. But for non veg foodies it is really good. Best thing the green tea is on the house so you can drink as much as you want. Bringing health into food. Nice initiative. I would've given 5 if we could've recieved the potato dishes.
Rated I had been there once before, a long time ago, but for a Sunday lunch buffet. It was a happy experience. So went again yesterday to try out their regular menu with a three course meal. The ambience of the restaurant is lively with good lighting and well stocked bar. I am off drinks these days so didn't try any beverages. The seating was comfortable and they have an extended alfresco area for large groups and one can watch matches on big screen. The service was a tad slow but polite. The food was good though I missed the authenticity in one or two items. We started with soups. We ordered murg yakhni shorba. It was yummy and easy on my pallette. My wife got coconut zaffrani shorba. The flavour was good but she would have preferred some chunks of vegetables in it. For starters we ordered chana jor garam tikki and nimbu mirch tawa fish. The tikki was fulfilling and portion size was generous. The fish was moist and cooked well. Though I wish it had some more spice in it. In main course we were served with puran singh da tariwala chicken with tandoori roti. Now though chicken was tasty and cooked well, it was nowhere like authentic puran singh wala chicken. That dhaba taste is difficult to replicate. For desserts we ordered makhan elaichi mousse despite the staff warning us that many people don't like it. But I loved it's earthy flavour and the way it was served. If you are not counting calories then go for it.
Rated There was a little waiting line and it got more delayed to some 10 minutes; we were in a dilemma if we should look for another place as it was the prime time. Finally we got an empty table and we were led by a waiter. We ordered some chicken starter and beer. Food is lovely and service was good. However we didn't find what we were actually searching for that day - a good and enjoyable time..something was missing. Food - 3.5/5 Service - 4/5 Ambiance- 3/5 Value for money - 3/5
Rated Went there today with a group of friends. We were 4 cpls n 4 kids. This place offers only Buffet on Sunday afternoon. I've been here before for lunch cpl of times on weekdays where they were serving A la Carte. The spread was pretty limited. The starters were good. They also serve a Beer / Mocktail / Wine complimentary with the buffet. The place was pretty empty, most of the tables were unoccupied. Overall an OK experience. BTW it was Sanjeev Kapoor's B'day today n they served a spl Dessert at the end. But by that time I was so stuffed that could not try it. The Dal Makhni, called by some other name, was awesome. Shahi Tukda n Firni were really nice. Now the ratings. Service-4/5 Food - 4/5 Ambience - 3/5 they have a terrace kinda space to sit which has natural light but air conditioned plus a regular indoor sitting. Value For Money - 3.5/5
Rated I read a lot about this place and in my opinion this place is as good as the treatment you get by the staff because the food is fabulous. My experience was really good and I enjoyed every bite of my meal. The staff was well trained and was very professional. I took my parents with me and as it was my first time it was a gamble. The whole time my mind was worried that what my parents are thinking about the place and food but it was good and a thumbs up from my father. If I have to give a suggestion it will be that the service is a bit slow, the time taken between starter and main course can be cut down a bit. Tip: If you are not sure what to eat, pick the signature dishes on the menu.
Rated Have been here multiple times. My favourite is Lalla Mussa Daal. Never went wrong with that. Starters are also yum and so are the veggies like in paneer. Cool ambience. Sweet and courteous staff. The rice (jeera) can feed 3-4ppl easily. Currently one on one free offer gng on for cocktails and mocktail wch is superrr. Biryaani chef spcl is huge in qty and good in taste.
Rated If not for the Sanjeev Kapoor specialities, I will give a 5 star simply for the amazing service, polite and courteous staff and fabulous ambience :)
Rated After hearing a lot about this TYC from different friend circles, finally decided to give it a try. The place has relatively fewer dishes on its menu when compared to a standard restaurant. But then, the ones that they have - are tasty as hell! To top this, all their personnel are very cordial and helpful. Do try - Murg Yakhni Shorba, Ralli Milli Sabziyan, Lalla Musa Dal, Chana Jor Garam Tikki.
Rated It is surprising to see that the overall rating of this place is less that 3.5! This is a fun place to dine and I have been here about 3 times and have never left disappointed. 1. The place is quite inviting and has ample seating. Perfect for family dinners or dinners with large office groups. 2. Waiters are helpful and quick with their orders! 3. The menu is quite interesting and well thought. Starters are well presented and sets the stage for your order. 4. Dishes you could try out - Chana Jor Garam Tikki, Nimbu Mirch Tawa Fish, Bhuna Ghost, Lawrence Road Tandoori Murgh and Lalla Mussa Dal 5. Regrets - All the times we have visited we were so full that we couldn't try any of the desserts. 6. Quite centrally located at the Hiranandani Complex and has valet parking if that I will be back soon to try the rest of the items in the menu!
Rated Ohh!! So Indian :* What a pleasant experience! The calmness of the place and the authentic taste can win anybody's heart. Food: Chicken starters and biryani with some basic mocktails. Not a thing to complain about. Service: Lovely , light on pocket Recommendation: That moment when you want something absolutely delicious and homely - this is the spot !! PS: Haven't tried all the varieties.. Therefore not rating 5.
Rated I will try to do justice by putting the right words here. Sanjeev Kapoor never associates his name with anything but amazing. This restaurant is your stop for a good food night / a great family dinner / a fine date with your better half. The ambience does justice to the image which you have in your mind before entering. The tables are away from each other so no one will eavesdrop on your conversation and you will have your quality time. The staff is smiling and very cordial. The food is without any doubt lipsmackingly amazing, your taste buds will thank you after the meal. The paneer is soft and the spices in each disk and added to satisfy you. Overall this is going to be a frequent affair for me till I stay in powai..
Rated Grt ambience.. made me feel like I am in a cool pub in London. Food is tasty. We ordered chicken cutlets and Arrabbiata pasta. Would highly recommend this place. Also book table in advance.
Rated An evening in Italy, that's exactly how i would like to describe this restaurant. This place has a vibe of relaxation to it, you can sip on your sangria's and nibble on the breads for hours and you wont get bored. The ambiance is raw but nice, the food compared to ambiance is not that great but the servers see to it they compensate the food with their smiles. I would recommend every wine lover to visit this place, though it can be too loud sometimes because of the office crowd.
Rated I went there for lunch and it felt like I spent 2 hours in Italy. The ambience, the music etc. Was very different for me since I prefer Indian restaurants :p Food - Pepperoni pizza - Highly average. Nothing bad or nothing great. Chicken cake - felt like I was eating some Indian chicken starter but nonetheless it was full of flavours and on the spicy side. Service - The staff needs to do improve their service as there were multiple times when I had to look for the staff member and call him for water etc. I'm not much of a Italian food fan so it would have been nice if the staff would have helped me with what to eat. That's not how you compete with a place like Mirchi and mime which is next to it and has top class service. Word to the wise - Give it a miss and head to pizza express or California pizza kitchen.
Rated Good Mexican food Like the ambiance also Very unusual to my taste but sometime like experimenting. Place is superb n fulfils all expectations of tongue savvys. Nice n spicy food. Must try.
Rated I had actually gone to a neighbouring restaurant but waiting time there was long, so just thought to try Mia Cucina. I love experimenting with food so ordered things at random. The result was mixed. Everything was good but nothing blew me away. 1. Ambience : It is a lively place with good crowd and has an outdoor area as well available to sit if its full inside. The music was standard. Cricket match was on the screen but it can be seen only if you are sitting at the bar. From our table the view was obstructed. The decor, furniture and lighting is classy. It sets the mood. 2. Service : People serving us were warm and cordial but service was inefficient. When I ordered English breakfast tea at the end of my meal they brought milk only after 4 reminders and when I had almost finished my tea. 3. Bar & Beverages: I think more than their food, one must go for their beverages. They had a vast variety of beverages in all categories - cocktails, mocktails, coffees, teas, smoothies etc. I ordered English breakfast tea at the end of the meal and it was good and the single biscuit they served along with it was tasty. 4. Food: We ordered Minestrone Veg soup and Pollo E Riso Chicken soup. Now both were good and were new flavours in soups for me. But I will never order them again because I felt little cheated, as Pollo E Riso didn't have much chicken in it. It was like eating a risotto. Then we ordered a Spiedini Di Pollo which was basically grilled chicken and polenta skewers. This was the best thing I had this evening. The Spaghetti Aglio Olio with vegetables was good choice. The Spaghetti pasta was well cooked but again it wasn't half as good as I had it in other Italian restaurants as the vegetables lacked seasoning. In desserts we chose apple tart. I wish I had ordered tiramisu or a cheesecake. Because this apple tart was not great. While the flavours were good the tart pastry was hard and in fact if you see the picture a portion of the tart was never there on plate. So overall a middling experience.
Rated Been here thrice now. And I must say I have got a liking for this place now. Obv. The food. Everytime I have tried different dishes and it's been delicious so far. Funghi crocantti Pizza verdura Lasanga peperonata Cheese corn ball The mushroom starter was lovely. Melts in the mouth. The lasagna and pizza really tasty. Deep flavours. The cheese corn balls are not the usual. This one's got a salad kind of mixture with corn as the filling . I quite liked it with the chilled beer. The watermelon martini here is also quite refreshing. The outside seating is also quite nice and they have made sure you don't feel the Mumbai humidity by putting up the coolers recently. All in all a nice quite place close to powai. Shall certainly be on my regulars list.
Rated Well I had heard a lot I mean a LOT about this place so I finally decided to visit it. Sorry to say I was rather disappointed by the place. I found the service rather slack. We were just sitting with no one to attend to for quite a whole. Also the waiters seemed rather rude. A "welcome", "thank you" or rather a smile was also missing from their dictionary. When we asked for suggestions for their special dishes we didnt get a good response either. So I think this is a major negative point for any restaurant and the management should look into the same. Moving on, the decor is fantastic. Its a cozy warm place and has one of the best interiors a restaurants could have. For drinks we had Peach Ice Tea which was amazing. I especially recommend the Red Wine Sangria as it was amazing as well. The Chocolate Shake on the other hand was very watery. For the food, we started off with Mozzarella in Carrozza which was horrible. I seriously didnt like the taste nor its flavour. We then ordered the Pizza Verdura and Pepperoni Pizza which were good but not extraordinary like I had expected or maybe it was just a bad day in the kitchen. For the desserts we had the Blueberry Cheesecake which was amazing. The decadence cake was really good and the tiramisu was good as well but still it could be better. The Pannacotta was really weird and I didnt like it at all. All in all it was an okish experience for me. Niether the service nor the food seemed to have pleased me during my visit.
Rated Come here often for a great Italian Treat.. Love to sit in the open at night when it is breezy.. They serve nice Sangrias.. The Breads that the serve with butter is amazingly good.. Love their pizzas, pastas and risottos..
Rated The place is phenomenal. Straight from the ambiance to the aroma that lures once you enter Mia Cucina .I ordered for a Pepperoni pizza and pasta with pork ragout along with Mushrooms cooked in red wine. The pepperoni was thin and crop and the pasta cooked to perfection, totally Al dente!Cheers to a perfect italian afternoon! A must visit place❤
Rated Simple and pretty romantic small place with yummy but lil over priced food. Music and ambience is great. One can easily fall in love over tunes. Best place in powai so far.
Rated Nice place, centrally located. It's worth visiting. Little noisy in terms of music. But good food. Biryani and corn cheese Tikki was super. Little cramped place interns of sitting arrangement but it's okay. Over all good place
Rated Nice interiors and decent enough food. But painfully slow service. A masala paapad took 30 minutes to come. Forget the time taken for other items. Though food was tasty, there was nothing mind blowing. Stick to standard fare like tandoori chicken and tikkas, you won't be disappointed.
Rated Being a chemburite I had not got a chance to visit this restaurant for a while. But last week a couple of friends tought of having dinner and we zeroed in this place. Well to tell about this place, Chembur has many udipi kind of restaurants fast food joints but the very few fine dining restaurants. Singh sahab being one of those. Ambiance of this restaurant will drool u over. Their menu has enough to offer for everyone. Being a vegetarian we ordered their chefs recommended chineese starter and mouthwatering paneer lababdar subzi for the mains. The food was well served and sufficient in quantity. Waiters and captains were very helpful but the service was little slow. We did not mind that coz we were not in much hurry. As compared to other fine dining restaurants in nearby areas the price at this restaurant was totally acceptable. We loved the décor and the serving style. They paid good attention on their cuttlery. Food was amazing which is the reason I will be coming back to this restaurant.
Rated Wonderful ambiance and delicious food... best place in Chembur for a family gathering. On starters do order Singh Saab di talwar it is their speciality dey also have variety in cocktails n mocktails.. the staff's were very courteous.. overall a Gud experience..
Rated One of the most authentic places for Punjabi cuisine in Chembur area. Hats off to the duo who started it and all my wishes to them to keep up the good work. Ordered the following- Starters :Paneer Sufiyan Kabab: Soft chunks of Paneer coated with layers of paalak and cream. For the main course ordered Veg Amritsari and breads. Topped off the wonderful dinner with Kolkata Meetha Paan Ice cream. Tip: instead of what's given in the menu card, try out the Today's special, placed on a small placard on the table. We did exactly the same and believe me it was really worth it Slightly on the expensive side considering the prime location of the property
Rated Had been to this place 1st weekend of April 2016 to meet a few old frnds from chembur. The fish and the chicken starter that we ordered was awesome both the quality of meat and the preparation was nice. Lamb was okay not very great. Preparation was good the meat wasn't great. The staff is excellent and know their menu well. They recommended the best dishes to us. We were convinced on not wanting to eat main course. But one of them insisted on their palak khichadi. And boy o boy it was awesome. I am not a rice person at all and neither a veg person....but this was made to perfection with amazing lasoon tadka on it
Rated One more lovely place added in Chembur.... the young duo of Tarang Alag & Rahul have given the chembur people a lovely place for hard core INDIAN cuisine (they serve chinese also).... Great food with fast service thats what one wants right. We went on a Monday night and was surprised the restaurant was full,we had to wait for 30 mins. FOOD quality was really good DRINKS they offer lovely variety in Cocktails and Mocktails with some really different varieties... they have put in lot of hard work in naming them, very interesting names.... Place all should try...
Rated This place breathed in Punjabi. To begin with, they have in-house and out-house sitting. The outside thumps with constant Punjabi beats and overlooks the golden inside framed in a criss-cross network of show pieces. They had comfortable woven chairs and plush sofas in dim candle light. The inside was inviting with carved wood interiors, roped pillars, a rush of Punjabi vibe and a constant waft of mouth-watering masalas. They have a flat screen TV for celebrating patriotism on world cup days and a fancy well-lit bar to set the mood. We had Murg Ruzali Kebab. This was one of their specials. It was juicy and D-I-V-I-N-E. It was succulent and it released savoury flavours on our tongues. It was an experience of rolled well cooked chicken with a slight coat of marination. The marination had seeped in every bit of the chicken. This was served with a side of Pudina Chutney, Cheese dip and lemons. With a pinch of lemon, the flavour release/bite increased magnanimously. This starter was so inviting it partially converted the vegetarians in our group. We had Choosa Amristsari with Paneer Kulcha. The Paneer Kulcha was a delicacy in itself. The roti had a generous filling of Paneer garnished with black sesame seeds and it was further topped with finely chopped coriander leaves. The Choosa Amritsari has well cooked chicken that tears up in perfect layers. The gravy could be a touch better. We also had Lachha Paratha, Dal Makhani and Paneer Amritsari. The Lachha Paratha was soft and it stayed fresh till the very end. Dal Makhani was thick, orange and a gravy in itself. Even the dal-haters in our group gobbled this rich amalgam of kaala udad and raajma hastily. The Paneer Amritsari had extremely soft, tender and freshly made Paneer. The gravy had reached absolutely every molecule of the paneer. It had a pleasing after-taste of coconut milk and it was sweet and spicy. We also had Veg Biryani. We asked them to make it extra spicy. It was a medley of fresh French beans, paneer, onions and endless awesomeness. The biryani was served with a thick and creamy Raita. Our complimentary Rabdi was a cherry on top of a very delightful cake. It was showered with pistachios and sat in a clay pot surrounded by a shred of roses. The Rabdi was luscious, creamy and melted in our mouths with a mesmerising after-taste. We scrapped every last bit out of the pot. All in all, they could co-ordinate their service a little and increase their food quantity. They had cute small touches like pudina flavoured water, bill in a tijori and magic tissue papers. The taste of the food here was so good it became a memory. We were left gushing about our food babies and huge ear-to-ear grins stretching on our faces. Ambience: 4/5 Taste Quotient: 4.5/5 Service: 3/5
Rated This place totally took me by surprise...even though there no sea view or any such thing the rooftop lounge is beautiful - the decor, the seating, the ambience et al. (Pls do something about the mosquitoes 😕) The live music adds to the mood and setting and the singing lady with blonde hair has an absolutely melifluous voice and breathtaking voice. She was dishing out melodies from yester years and it was almost like a travelling back in time. The food is mainly pan Asian and very well made, and exquisitely plated. The maki platter was delectable, while the crabmeat dim-sums were an absolute treat. A big thumbs up to Skky and of course the singer.
Rated It's a perfect place for special days to be celebrated, it a perfect place to get privacy and a totally silent zone. They have a live music and they sing lovely melody. Food is also good, and service is very quick in terms of the arrival time after order is placed. Like as soon as you place order within mins its on your table, so for the ppl who wants to spend more time order slowly. What i felt is that, the place is underutilized, its not that lively which it could have been. I don't have not bad experience but the management and the utilization of the place could have been more special. The quantity of food is very limited and I am doubtful that it is not even sufficient for 2. But taste of food is very good. My rating for this place is 4 specially for the ambience which I feel it can be more lively. Visit and surprise your loved once
Rated Skky full of stars!! Visited this rooftop restaurant by Ramada on a saturday night.. Lovely ambience, awesome breeze, good food and courteous staff.. Entered this place to the music of two beautiful singers.. Enjoyed the night savouring duck springrolls, roast chicken n chicken noddles.
Rated Place at the heart of Powai, presentation and ambience is awesome. Reception and hospitality is great. Service is better than similar food joints. Well in terms of food, tried some starters, not satisfied. Spicy lovers, not recommended. The best two items are CCT Pizza which is enough for 3 people and Bira White Pitchers. Price is on upper side which is expected. In nutshell, it's a one timer!!!
Rated These are the excerpts from a song by Coldplay called A Sky Full of Stars. The song is a chart-buster across the world. The lyrics of this track is exactly what I experienced and felt when I made a pit stop at Hotel Ramada’s pride and jewel their restaurant called Skky. It was a cold Thursday evening and the plan was to celebrate my friend’s birthday on their Rooftop Restaurant. I had read a lot about Skky in zomato and its ratings were pretty good too so I knew that it won’t go wrong. Skky is a rooftop restaurant of Ramada group of hotels situated in Powai. The place specializes in Pan Asian at least that is what I understood from the looks of it. It also serves Indian cuisine in case Thai and Chinese isn’t your thing. It’s situated on the 3rd floor of the convention centre I believe because the main hotel is bang opposite the hotel. You need to take a lift to the 3rd floor. As I entered the lift and saw its beautiful starry light interiors I was confident that I had taken the right decision. Read on to know how it went. ... Read full post on mytastetest.wordpress.com
Rated Went on a dinner date with my partner.. Ambience 4/5, beautiful place to hangout with your partner and the place has romantic aroma in the atmosphere. Talking about food - if you are a vegan, there is not much of variety. I was disappointed with the food (it was not that bad, but it was like "Naam bade aur darshan chote" type of feeling) Mojitos were on point though. Adios amigos :)
Rated The place was exactly as we had imagined – the greenery, the excellent lightings, the fountains, the water, the music and the service, all of it were excellent. They also have a big screen in addition to screen sports matches. Once done with dinner you can chill in the open space and nearby the pool at the Ramada Hotel. The Cristal Vegetable Dumpling was unavailable so we ordered Po Pia Thod which was s kind of a spring roll for starters. We ordered the Tahu Broccoli Dengen Sereh and the Paneer in Black Bean Sauce for main course along with Fujian Rice and Khao Phad Kraprao. The food was exquisite and quite filling for 5 people and the chef comes and asks for feedback and some suggestions which was courteous. The thing I found unique about the food and the menu was that the menu was shown in a tablet and beside each dish there was a flag of the nation of origin of that dish.
Rated so, after reading all the hype about this restaurant i along with my family decided to go here. it was good Friday so we decided to reserve a table and we did it via Zomato. we reached there around 8 and to our surprise the restaurant wad empty and no one asked us about reservation confirmation as there was tables readily available. coming on the ambience it is great. no doubt, their tablet menu direct order was not working so we had to show the items to the captain as the names of the dishes were no less than a tongue twister. food was good nothing exceptional and out of the blue. i loved food of made in Punjab more than this over hyped ambience craved place. as it goes with every open air restaurant there was dust settled on the plates and the table. drinks are cheap. also avoid going in summer time. it gets hot
Rated Skky is the rooftop restro-bar at Ramada. 1. The walls around this place are flora. They have navigating dividers which are full of water and lamps. Though seating is not the most comfortable, the overall ambiance makes you comfortable. They have a large screen for sports enthusiasts as well. 2. The place is not really clean. Given it's a rooftop and dust tends to settle on unoccupied tables, the onus lies on the staff to wipe the table clean before offering it to a guest. Our table had a thick layer of dust and we realized that the hard way. 3. The staff is courteous but the service is slow. We arrived here at 11 pm on a weekday and Skky was sparsely crowded. Yet, the service was slow. This is different from prompt response from staff - which is appreciated. 4. Coming to foods and drinks, we tried - - A Bira pitcher - beautiful presentation, good taste and affordable - CCT Pizza - thin crust and tasty - Wok Fried Chicken - awesome The food here is good. Appropriate roof-top for a relaxed evening.
Rated The Chicken Quesadilla & Soft Chicken Taco are OK dishes, not as good as they've been hyped up. Supreme Nachos is awesome ! Do try it out. Also enjoyed Chipotle Chicken Burrito, it has rice btw but that adds a mexican touch to the dish, I suppose. I'm not a fan of the Rice Bowl but it was...
Rated This place didn't really meet my expectations. The food doesn't taste authentic Mexican.i have tried their burrito as well as taco. Couldn't tickle my tastebuds enough. Servicing is very swift although.
Rated R city mall yet again and this time it is Taco bell in my mind. The big bell box is a good value for money dish. In 300 rs you get nachos, burrito, cola and dessert. The taste was maintained in all the dishes and all of them had a very nice mexican flavor! My favorite were the nachos, try it with the spicy sauce. All in all from kid to grandpa all can have something to enjoy at Taco bell. Happy eating!!
Rated The double barrel burrito was simply awesome and had a unique blend of spices and cream which gave it a hot and cool feel to it. I also enjoyed the zesty rice box which had a typical Mexican feel to it. The only downside was when I went up to the counter to ask for extra sachets of sauce, the lady at the counter behaved as if I had asked for her kidneys!
Rated This is the first time, I tried Mexican cuisine like tachos, nachos - so can't compare and review. But the tacho we ordered was good in taste and I liked it. Didn't dissapoint.
Rated Just checked into Taco bell, ordered crunchy tacos and chocodilla, crunchy taco is really worth and tastes well with all its crunchiness and filling. You would definitely say 'yum'. Service is good.
Rated Had there meal 1 with Mexican chicken filling in taco and nachos with pepsi awesome experience the taco was just awesome with beans also inside I just loved it.
Rated Tried their Chalupa and Crunchy Taco. Surprisingly filling for their size owing to generous cheese in it. A good snack to have with a refreshing mix of veggies in it.
Rated I absolutely love this food joint! Their food is delicious, filling and easy on the pocket. Their burrito and nachos meal is my all time favorite. The 7 layered burrito is huge and extremely filling. It tastes yummy with a stuffing of rice, sauces, vegetables and cheese. Their bean nachos are scrumptious. Plus the packets of sauces which they provide make the taste of the food even better. Definitely worth trying!
Rated I love Taco Bell! I make sure I have something from here every time I visit R City, and if not then definitely something to take away! Burritos, Double Decker Tacos, Salsa Potatoes, Nachos....everything is delicious! And I have never had to wait more than a minute to receive my order! Next time you visit R City, Taco Bell is a must go!!
Rated Near to my office in Powai is Papa John's. Now I read and heard a lot from my colleagues about this place, so one day I took a trip to taste myself. For starters this place is a bit small, looks like the restaurant has reduced the size of the place to its earlier size. The menu is pretty similar to its rivals and is almost same value wise as well. Since I had less time to sit and eat I went for a safe option, the thin crust margarita pizza which in my opinion was very tasty. The quality of cheese and base were better than rival brands and it was baked well. The pizza was not dry and it was filling. The staff was a here and there but that can be counted out. In my opinion if you like dominos and pizza hut, you should definitely give this place a try. Happy Eating!!
Rated Good food. Takes time to deliver. But fresh. Bland taste in non spicy pizzas, loved it.. Well baked.. Good options..nice service.. The appetisers were served much before the food, which was strange yet it was overall, a delightful experience
Rated Ordered a large farm fresh and a large veggie delight due to weekend offer we got 4 Pepsi and 2 Cheese Sticks free . The Pizza in taste were not so good an ok-ok taste . Service is little slow . They don't have cold water you'll have to ask ice for it . The Pizzas are priced a little high . Music was good . Ok Service . Overall an OK place .
Rated It's a perfect place to experience the feeling of home delivery in a restaurant.... Starting off with basics... You get ketchup sachets and not ketchup bottle... Great way to save cost and spoil customer mood of dine in...oregano taste more of a salt and pepper mix... Now coming to pizza which I feel is moderate and they have nothing exclusive to offer....I ordered zafran pizza which is there latest addition to the menu ... Pizza sounds different but taste like regular pizza... I believe it's high time they should start serving other beverages apart from soft drinks... Overall this place should be your last option....Gaurav Dhall Apurva Seksaria
Rated Never been a fan of their pizza but I just love their garlic parmesan bread sticks and garlic dip. Those are heavenly. Overall an okay place.
Rated This place is a okaish place! We tried ! Papas paneer pizza which was a bit soggy pizza n bland ! 2.5/5 Non veg slice of mumbai was a good pizza with juicy chicken tandoori 3.5/5 Starters : Must try chesse garlic sticks 4/5 Papa's Chicken wings! 3 on 5 Nd their molten brownie is too sweet ! 2.5 on 5 Overall a 3 on 5
Rated After seeing the rating for this place we still chose to try from this place. Ambience was good. Service was quick. Getting to my order I ordered for spicy pepper roast pizza which was ok... they served pizzas with small sachets of ketchup. Why?!. And cheese sticks were fine. The oregano was loaded with salt that's one thing I didn't like.
Rated 1.Food/Pizza 4/5 ordered fijita chicken pizza it was good in taste not really yummy for a thin crust pizza but yes cheesy jalapeño nuggets was superb all points to that. 2.Staff service 5/5 very nice. 3.Ambience 5/5 nice quotes on wall with gud amount of space 4. Value for money 5/5 offer got 1 pizza free as well 5.location 5/5 near powai dmart
Rated Reached here quite late on a Saturday night. almost 11:45 pm. But the place was still lively. Had a couple of beers and a tequila shot. Dance to our heart's content and had a great time. we did not have any food so cant comment on it. But my friends who reached before us were happy with the food and the services. Ambiance is too good and justifies well with the party like feel. Would definitely come here again.
Rated Hoppipola I still wonder what the meaning of it!! It's a pub and like any other you have music and food.If you are from 80's and 90's you might like the choice of music they play.Ambience is simple and neatly done.Service is not upto the standards and music gets loud yet times.Haven't tried the main course but the starters were sumptuous enough to make us order again and again.Happy eating!!
Rated Ambience- Above average. Food- Don't expect a main course here. As it is a normal catered pub. Food quality is good but quantity is not!! Service- Good Cons- Bad DJ
Rated I got mixed reviews about this place,but as i wanted to visit i decided to go..Place is okish.. I ordered paneer harrison which was not tht tasty..Pizza was better..Overall i was disappointed.. They need to improve a lott..
Rated Certainly one of the best outlets in Mumbai, located in one of the best townships of Mumbai. The place is blessed with happening crowd and awesome music. Food is good but service is bit slow when it comes to rush hours.
Rated Good place to hangout with your gang. Play games laugh around. The music is good. The food menu though had like hardly 12-15 options which us very less and quantity is poor. Dishes are overpriced for that amount of money.
Rated Okay so I finally visited this place after hearing so much about it! People say that the Khar one is better. Seating arrangement was cute, I loved playing x and 0 on their tables using chalks. We ordered nachos, some mushroom starter and cheese French fries. Starting with the nachos , we were expected a plate of nachos covered with nice tangy salsa and some cheese, but what we got it all separately. And the "cheese dip " was not "cheese". I don't know if it was hung curd or what else. The Mushroom starter was good, but very less in quantity. I suppose we got around 6-7 pieces of mushrooms. The cheese French fries was really yummy . They have really less options for vegetarians. Also the booze here is quite cheap, and not diluted.
Rated Not at all impressed with the new 'Signature' range of donuts! Tiramisu, all though it looks tempting, it is very disappointing. It tastes like Double Trouble, there's nothing special here. Salted Caramel & Vanilla Cheesecake taste similar. These taste like a less sweet version of shahi tukda. Mocha Truffle is the only one that has a unique taste amongst the new ones. You can go for this one, it won't disappoint.
Rated Though all their outlets are fairly uniform in food, service and ambience; this one deserves a special mention for its location. It's right next to Theobromas and other food places which is ideal for food hopping. Best during windy evening walks.
Rated It is tough to retain people when you have some very good cafes around. Also Theobroma is right next to thus outlet. And there is Krispy Kreme. And Häagen-Dazs. Yet I have tried this place more than once. You can sit in if you wish. You can carry your donut and just sit outside as well. Good thing... MOD seems to be working to stay in competition. They have done new stuff at the shelves, the last time I visited.
Rated Best place for donuts. Would highly recommend to try Choco Bomb and double trouble. Nowadays they are providing doughnuts with toppings of Indian conventional sweets, worth to give a try.
Rated One of the best doughnut place..My all time favourite is the double trouble and cookie overload.. all doughnuts are finely made with proper sweet taste.
Rated Was here as part of the dessert crawl in Powai .. got to try their valentine's day special donuts.. the place is a typical MOD outlet with a seating capacity of about 12 pax and to stand many more!! the V-day special ones didn't quite appeal to me like their regular ones!
Rated Well I don't really relish donuts being a chocolate lover; but I appreciate them for the variety they provide. Ever since they started they've been reaching new milestones in the donut industry. No doubt; they are the best for donuts. So I packed 12 donuts (offer: 9 and 3 free) and tried to get different varieties. Out of these I tasted hazel flavour, double trouble and cookie. All three were good and they even have melted chocolate in between them.
Rated Though dont need to re-review a franchisee outlet yet again (prev. Done for MOD,vashi)! Yet attaching some of the pix of its interiors. What is bad in such outlets is they never serve water! Even if you have to buy a bottle its not worth the price and the amount is high and quantity of water is 1/4th, need to change their corporate tie-up for water, big time.! Overall good enough an outlet to grab some coffee and donut,just the way i like !
Rated Sugar level in donuts is less so you can enjoy more than one ;), staff showed some resistance when asked to warm the donuts. But after getting them warmed taste was really good. Chairs in the outlet were little uncomfortable.
Rated Really love the donuts from here especially the Double Trouble. Their offer of get 6 donuts for the price of 3 on Thursdays is amazing. They should however work on the softness of their donuts especially the original donut.
Rated We went here in a small group on a Saturday night. To our surprise we got a table immediately. We ordered the dough balls and a salad to begin with, followed by some chicken penne and mushroom risotto. The food was quite good, the dough balls are their speciality. The ambience resembled other restaurants of this chain. The sevice seems to lack the personal touch, we had several different waiters serving us. Sticking to one assigned person would be nice as this isn't a mass market restaurant. Not a deal breaker though as the service was nevertheless prompt. I wouldn't mind coming back here, especially for the food.
Rated Due to instagram & zomato, I have been to a lot of overhyped places, & Pizza Express happens to be the second one on that list. Maybe other branches are good, but I didn't like my experience here at all. The pizzas I tried - (Romana) Polo Forza - apparently this is the most popular chicken pizza here. It's definitely tasty & the pizza is large in size. BUT the thin crust is a big inconvenience, not only does it become very hard on cooling down, the toppings keep falling off! Unless you want to eat your pizza in sandwich style, stick to the classic base, it's slightly thicker but soooo much more convenient to eat ! (Classic) IL Padrino - bland in taste. I prefer this classic style to the Romana style. The pizza felt like it had insufficient amount of base sauce due to which it tasted bland It was pretty fucking annoying how fast the pizzas cool down and become hard to eat. Pizza Express, it wouldn't kill you to serve your pizzas on a hot pan.
Rated What an amazing place for a romantic dinner. Food is delicious. We ordered very simple spaghetti tossed in garlic and olive oil, it was tasting awesome with the flavour of chilli flakes. Also the pasta with Alfredo sauce was mouth watering. We also enjoyed happy hours. But the dessert made my day. We ordered Philladelphia baked cheesecake with vanilla icecream scoop aside. It was yummiest. Service was very friendly and professional. Very nice place to have good food and candle light dinner with your loved one.
Rated This outlet of Pizza Express is extremely exotic and inviting. I have been to the one at Viviana mall, Thane and had decided of never coming back. But this outlet! It acted as a magnet one evening. We were received well and escorted to the table of our choice. We quickly ordered or their signature dough balls and a Giardiniera with normal base. They offered us to have it in thin crust but from my past experience I very well knew of their crust sizes and we stuck to normal base. The dough balls came in quick. Good snack to spend time on before the pizza comes in, but nothing to really crave about. Pizza came in after some 20 mins. Looked good; topped with decent amount of veggies. I beg to differ, but pizzas here really don't amuse me. Or might be that I haven't developed a taste for those. I really admire the flavour of rich tomato sauce on my pizza base which really lacks at Express. Never could walk out with a satisfied tongue and tummy. High on the pocket and low on flavour is how I would quote this place to be.
Rated Let's start with talking about the ambience and the look and feel of the place Will rate it 4.5 for it. Service - 5/5 Ordered a past "oglio olio" if I am not wrong.. It was wonderful though I like more of their pesto version .. Pasta- 3.4/5 Ordered a pizza "Etna" with chicken topping Would say thumbs up for it ! Etna- 5/5 Overall let's fix at 4.5 stars! Cheers ! Highly recommended!
Rated This place was on my list for a long time and I finally got a chance to visit an amazing Italian food restaurant. I went there for lunch by myself so couldn't try more things but the one I tried is gonna be reviewed. Let me take some time to review the place first, as most of us know PizzaExpress is a fine dining restaurant and they have maintained it very well. Coming now on the pasta I had for lunch, ...now what I ate was never on the menu but I am thankful to the staff to alter the dish as per the need of customer. It was a penne pasta in tomato and basil sauce with a hint of burnt garlic and chilly flakes topped with buffalo mozzarella. The red sauce pasta in their menu is either with chicken or with aubergine. So kudos for making it simpler yet tasty for me. To be honest it was a treat to eat and the pasta was perfectly boiled. I am giving them 4.5 because I believe they are a little on the expensive side having said that I give full marks to the taste, service and ambience. P. S- Please introduce pomodoro pasta in your menu and also have lunch deals for people who come alone.
Rated Before I start the review, this place is solely for people who love authentic Italian food. I am one of those who hasn't developed a taste of it yet, so my review is going to be on that basis. Our first bloggers meet, pizza express invited Designedbite to try out their new menu which they refer to as #PEnewmenu Entering through their black facade exterior,which is a constant in all pizza express outlets, the interiors are always designed with a theme depicting the area it is situated in. (Notice the birds and the sea theme imitating the powai lake ) The staff was extremely hospitable and our table was looked after by Mr.Roshan . A refreshing start to the long evening of several dishes was with their peach and lemon iced tea(peach was better !) Both their iced tea are pretty strong though. You should start with a bang! And so did pizza express by serving their famous doughballs but this time in their specially devised creamy and cheesy, mushroom and emilgrana dip. Poached pear and goat cheese salad is something I couldn't try due to the presence of wine in it, which Roshan very kindly mentioned to me after serving the dish. I would say I was extremely impressed with their concern. As described by the chef and my fellow bloggers, it is a salad served on a bed of crispy rockets, with pears poached in red wine and topped with creamy goat cheese, crunchy pine kernels and crispy emilgrana crackers.Must say, emilgrana was the most important ingredient of most of their new dishes. 3 types of vegetarian pizza was served to us 1.Soho 65 - garnished with buffalo mozarella,shaved emilgrana and rocket leaves,which imparted a peculiar taste to the pizza, cheesy and crunchy. The buffalo mozzarella would not be something I look forward to in a pizza. 2.Formaggi 65- A crusty cheesy pizza, it would be the safest option to go for. 3.Verdure Bianca- the last one and my favourite , I went for a second serving of this. Could be my love for the perfectly cooked mushrooms which were of two variety:aubergine and woody portobello. Along with that, the freshly topped basil leaves made this my pizza of the evening. A downside to their menu has to be the unavailabilty of vegetarian pasta. Had really been looking forward to it. The dessert and the best end to the meal,the blueberry semi frodo had a classic vanilla based sponge and a crunchy biscuit base served with the best raspberry coulis. The downside to this dessert was the small quantity of raspberry coulis! Such a delicious thing, shouldn't be given in such less quantity. Another invention by the pizza express staff is the garlic and chilli oil; especially the garlic oil which we were using quite generously on all our pizzas, enhanced the taste to another level. Extremely hospitable staff with good service, this probably isnt a place for me. But it shouldn't stop you from giving it a try.(maybe ill visit it again for the dessert !) Maitreyi Phansalkar ,Twisha Jhaveri , Radhika Thakur , Smit Patel
Rated Amazing authentic Italian Pizzas await you at this place. They serve some of the best thin crust pizzas I've had. The starters are traditionally continental and may not suit every palate. The variety in pizza - both in taste and size would simply blow you off. The Formaggi is a cheesy delight. The side drinks are good as well. Try the ginger fresca. It is refreshing and soothing at the same time.
Rated Service with a synthetic smile. So let's get it straight.. this place has some of the nicest pizzas you will find in Mumbai. However the appetizers and drinks are nothing fantastic. However one thing that has been consistent over time with this place is... bad service. It's not that the waiters are rude to your face.. but pay attention to their demeanor or body language or their reluctance to go an extra step and you will figure it's not really a customer friendly place. There are rules and then there are principles... and it's the principle of customer service that this place just does not understand. Will go back for the pizzas with 0 expectations from the wait staff.
Rated From dine in to take outs to 4 course meals, been there done that at Pizza express ☺ My first encounter with gourmet pizzas was at pizza express London where I was amazed at the variety of pizzas and level of customization. The gourmet toppings are the real USP of pizza express. Drinks - mocktails or a wide range of wines on the menu, options are unlimited. Try the lemon or peach iced tea it's perfectly sweetened. Currently they have summer special menu which serves coolers to quench your thirst on a hot summer day. My favorite is ginger fresca - right start to building your appetite. Starters - Doughballs, period! There isn't a competition to fluffy dough balls. These are served with trio of dips Salads - any! Trust me, you call for any salad and you won't be disappointed. The lovely warm lentils salad with aubergine and goats cheese is at the top of my list! Pizzas - from classics to thin crust Romanas, the choices are endless. My favorites are Calabrese and all American, deliciously meaty 😍 also love the Verdure Bianca with vegetarian toppings. Pastas are equally tasty. Totally deserves 4.0. My only suggestion would be to improve the service which at time gets really slow. Overall PizzaExpress powai does justice to the brand and is totally worth multiple visits thenomadicgourmet.com
Rated Food : Amazing food ! The vegetable dimsum platter had such and amazing plethora of tastes. The pan fried noodles were a delight with ample veggies. But the highlight of the day was the lychee rambhutan with icecream. It is served over liquid nitrogen and it is heavenly ! The lychees were succulent and huge ! Since it is not the season, I was informed that these are imported from bhutan ( not sure, a friend said this ). The plain vanilla icecream also tasted much better than it usually does. It is such a pity that I haven't visited this place before despite many requests from friends. I found out today what I was missing out on. Service - Exceedingly hospitable staff. Ambience - Lovely decor with beautiful paintings.
Rated Had heard good reviews of Mainland China for a long time; so, this past weekend, as we strolled along Powai’s main drag, we decided to give it a go. The entrance, at the end of the block, is rather Spartan. One flight up is a glass door that opens into the restaurant. There are steps and rickety ramps as one makes one's way into the restaurant. Once in, the restaurant is quite impressive. The meeters and greeters are pleasant. The contrast between them and the wait staff is stark. We asked for a table for two, we were motioned to the center of the hall; when we asked for a table to the sides, we were abruptly told that they were seatings for four – a fact that we mortals failed to notice, ostensibly. We settled for a good street-facing table for two, which was good. The wait staff experience lingered through our lunch. We ordered the Lemon Coriander Thick Soup – vegetable and the Exotic Vegetable Clay Pot in Chilli Basil Sauce. We elected to go for the steamed rice as our staple. The food experience was expectedly good, especially the Clay Pot dish – the veggies were crunchy, the soy sauce was just right and together with the (jasmine ?) rice it hit the spot. In contrast, the Lemon Coriander Soup was nothing like I’ve tasted before – not in a flattering way. It was more like a curry sauce with chopped veggies with an over-powering taste of coriander in a strong lemony presence; it was a letdown. It was more a battle between the Coriander and the Lemon flavors and neither won. Overall, a good experience. I will definitely be back. I really wish their cuisine stayed Mainland China.
Rated Been visiting this restaurant for years now. They serve some delicious chicken clear soup and the dimsums are mouthwatering. My favorite and only dessert I have tried here it honey noodles with toasted sesame and a scoop of vanilla! The taste has been consistent throughout these years. Pricing is bit steep but it makes sense once you taste the food. The flavors are authentic and quantities are good enough for sharing. The service however I feel has gone down a notch. It takes really long for your orders to arrive and for the billing. I would still rate this 4.0 overall for the good food and value for money. thenomadicgourmet.com
Rated Everybody knows what Indian Chinese food means. It is fine with me since I am not a purist, I am more of a 'if it tastes good,it is fine with me'. Also, I am not very financially equipped to eat at masterchef kind of places which serve puritan flavors. But once in a while, a treat is good. And today,thankfully,we have many restaurants serving authentic flavors and less oily food to serve even middle class patrons :) Mainland China is,I think,the first place that served authentic Chinese food or at least the first I visited (not the overly spicy,saucy,Indianized version) and it has upheld its position as a pioneer in this regard. So this is another outlet serving some great Chinese in a regal ambiance. Enough space for families and large groups. Staff is very attentive and always ready to recommend dishes as per personal taste preferences. My favorites from the menu are Corn and Water Chestnut dumplings, Crispy veggies with Kaffir lime, Exotic veggies in mountain chilli sauce, Sapo Tofu and Chilli Garlic Noodles :) I just think that the portions here in this outlet are somehow lesser than the portions in other Mainland China outlets that I have visited (Vashi,Mumbai Central and Bandra). Taste wise,it is great, none of that artificial flavoring or coloring or unnecessary salt/sugar addition. They also have a great lunch buffet which is a very value for money prospect. Prices are high and that is why it is a treat to eat here. I suggest go with someone who knows the menu inside out so that they can pick the best dishes because some dishes can be really bland for our taste-buds. All in all, a must visit atleast once :) celebratemybeautifullife.blogspot.com
Rated Very good Chinese restaurant right on central avenue in Powai. The ambience is the usual fantastic Mainland China ambience. We had an all dimsum lunch and they were great especially the prawn dimsums. However the crab cake and sweet corn crab soup were OK though. We ended the lunch with some great honey noodles and ice cream.. Overall a really good lunch :)
Rated Situated at Powai, the location is prime and so are the interiors. Lighting was lovely too. So we started off with Crispy Veggies(4/5), Teriyaki potatoes(3/5)and King Prawns Hunan style(4.5/5) All the starters were presented beautifully. The potatoes were a let down as it tasted little bland. The service was just ordinary.In mains, we just had Burnt Garlic Noodles which was just ok(4/5). For drinks we had Melon crush(4/5), one coconut and Pineapple crush which was a big letdown(2/5) and Litchi citrus(4/5). Overall, I'd recommend knowing what to order or taking suggestions from the staff themselves. I would like to visit this place again.
Rated We had been to Mainland China at Viviana, the experience was awesome, the food was great, good service, and was spot on. However, this one seemed like a down market version of it, the portions where almost half, it was low on flavor, A couple of dishes which are recommended by the restaurant where outright rubbish, Been there a few times before the quality has been constantly dipping
Rated Food : 3.5/5 Service : 4.5/5 Ambience : 3.5/5 Prawn and Chicken Starters were good , only -ve was the Mains we ordered - which came out a bit sweet, but they replaced it happily at no extra cost. Good to visit once , for sure.
Rated The Powai one is one of the best Mainland China. Ambience is good, service is good and of course the food is great. I usually skip starters for myself but here I simply feel tempted to call for one.
Rated One of the best authentic Chinese restaurant out there. Everything about the place is nice - right from the ambience to the staff to the choice and taste of food. Definitely try out the chicken dumplings and Chilli garlic Noodles.
Rated KFC dont need any introduction ..... its been ages now since i am treating my taste buds at KFC . I wanted to try their newly introduced chizza since long ... so today i just managed to grab 1 ... basically chizza is boneless crispy chicken instead of crust and pizza topping with cheese over it ... it was good but definately not the replacement for actual pizza as its name suggest .... so one can try it but dont expect much
Rated Went here for a meal yeaterday. The place is pretty spacious as compared to other KFC outlets that I have been to. I wanted to try their new Chizza Bites. So ordered that and a Chicken Rock Box. The fried chicken was as good as the ones that I have had before. The Chicken Rocking burger was a smaller and a simpler version of the Chicken Zinger burger and it was average. They CB came after a long while and it tasted pretty much like a pizza without the crust. It was good. But the cheese on it was getting really hard as time passed by. It also had bell peppers and alepenos. So it was good.
Rated Standard KFC outlet. The location makes it convenient for people working near Galleria in powai to grab a quick bite. Tried my first Chizza here. Chizza was good but the service wasn't that great. Being a fast food joint I would expect it to be ready quickly. And it's not just the food prep, even the billing takes more than usual. The zinger burger and chicken buckets especially fiery chicken is done nicely at this outlet. This place is generally full and lively. Could have rated 3.5 if only the service was bit better thenomadicgourmet.com
Rated This review is on request of my friends in Powai area :) I haven't eaten at KFC but accompanied my friends here so this is what they feel about it. This outlet is very spacious and a great place to spend time with friends. Very funky and vibrant ambiance. Always hustling and bustling. Never really seen it completely empty. It is also literally in the center of Hiranandani complex. Staff is very attentive and my friends always get their order within 5-8 minutes. The menu is very varied. Apart from the variety of chicken,veggies also have options of Paneer zingers, milkshakes, rice bowls. My friends love chicken wings/buckets and Paneer zingers (somehow I have never wanted to sit it KFC and eat,it is a personal problem,not their fault). They do not like rice bowls or the newly launched chizza much. But they do emphasize on the fact that KFC comes up with more innovative dishes than McDonald's. I would have to agree (even though personally I would always prefer to go to McD than KFC :D) Anyway when it comes to places like KFC or McD, we all know what they offer and we all have our own preferences. If you like KFC, you will like this outlet. If you don't, you won't. Simple :) celebratemybeautifullife.blogspot.com
Rated An international chain with 100s of outlets and visited by lakhs everyday does not need a review. Definitely not for their offerings. You will love some. You will not like some. And you will keep visiting them. This review is for one of their best run outlets of KFC. Covenient location, large seating area, quick service (most of the times), good view of the busy corner outside, a relaxed atmosphere, and enough quiet corners for you to catch up on your office work (like a coffee shop). This review is also about a guided tour of of their kitchen, if you request. Tried it. After asking us to wait for about 15-20 minutes, one of the attendants dutifully took us on a guided tour of the kitchen (complete with a head cover). Spic and span and professional... thats how the entire food management. Right from storage of raw chicken in cold rooms, to marination of the various menu items, to the automated cooking in highly specialized equipment like combiovens and fat fryers. The systems and processes in place to ensure quick service, their policy on how long will they hold cooked food before they throw it away (just half hour), and the flow of orders from the order taking to preparation to serving of food, and the packaging... all extremely interesting. About the food – tried the recently introduced chizza... too bland and uninteresting. 2.5/5. The fiery grilled chicken and hot wings continue to be my favourite... the lemon chilli flavouring is awesome. Promotion for hot wings has unfortunately been replaced by ‘hot and crispy’... a bland version. Avoidable. Issue is, since it is not advertised, it does not get ordered... and in case you place an order, you have to wait 15 minutes for your order. An irritant for my favourite chicken indulgence. The zinger does not taste as awesome as earlier (or may be I have gotten used to the taste). The rice bowl with the veg strips is also very good. Rice is well flavoured, and the crispy veg strips are quite tasty.
Rated The best KFC in my opinion. Good staff, Great Service and overall managed very well. Prompt service which makes a big difference. You can dine-in and have a good experience with some good songs playing in the background. Have visited this place several times and never been disappointed.
Rated One thing that KFC has over McDonald's is a good menu comprising of alot of options. The 'Rice bowls' & 'Mingles Bucket' are a very impressive dish they have come up with. The 'Chizza' is just ultimate... Chicken & cheese, super yum. The burgers, krushers everything is pretty good. The only disappointment is when you order 2 pieces of chicken- the sizes are totally different & if it's your bad luck you get over fried/ stale stuff. I have been a faithful KFC customer all these years & if they keep adding innovative dishes, I shall be committed to KFC, always!
Rated Everyone's favourite hub for delicious chicken well chicken is truly tasty and amazing but quantity has gone down like hell and rather prices have gone up in taxes more than half gets spent could be better with their services and prices reasonable
Rated Good food at apt price. Ideally located in the heart of Powai. Ideal for Bengali food lovers. Restaurant is a bit cramped for space though. Tried their chicken kabiraji, ilish bhapa and bhetki sorshe and all were cooked to perfection. 8/10 on food. But 4/0 for ambience and space. All in all a good place for good food
Rated By far, one of the best places for authentic Bengali cuisine with great value for money! Went there for the first time yesterday and just for once, wanted to try out only the vegetarian dishes. Believe me, I was amazed by their "Luchi with Aloo Dum" and their "Kodaishutir Kochuri with Chholaar Daal". It's a small place and what they lack in ambience, they make up for in service and food quality! I've never come across a Bengali "mini meal" (like a Thaali) at any other restaurant in Mumbai and this is one place that serves it and that's not all, I was totally floored by their "Nolen Gude'r ice cream"! Would strongly recommend this place and among the must try items is their Nolen Gude'r ice cream!
Rated Bhojohori Manna again.... But, this time with my family. I was excited to take them through a cuisine they had never tried. I had failed taking them out to eat our generation's loved cuisines like - Italian, European, all the Burger/Pizza places etc. My parents thankfully were equally bugged with the regular Punjabi, Indian, Mughlai cuisine, so here we were at one of my favourite restaurants in Mumbai. Starters - 7.5/10 The quantity is small, hope they work on it. But, the taste would always make you go want more. Mutton Chop, Fish Chop, Bhetki Rongpuri Fry, Prawn Cutlet were all good. All were crumb fried, and the masala tasted similar, but the difference in meats make the difference. I love trying out different things, hence i always skip Thaala (Thaali aka Meal platter). Main Course - 8/10 Mochar Paturi - Banana Flower in Mustard - Veggies Enjoy. Jumbo Daab Chingri - Lovely prawns in a yummy sauce. But, i would still suggest the Chingri Malai curry (Prawns Malai curry). Bhetki Shorshe - a great choice. the fish is amazing and melts in your mouth. But, i would still suggest Bhetki Paturi. Its a mustard marinated fish dish, smoked and steamed in a banana leaf. Chitol Muitha was a treat. Damn, amazing cubes of Fish in the typical Bengali curry. Luchi - Puri like Bengali roti, is a good way to feast, but i would suggest ordering steam rice, as rice being bland brings the flavours of these gravies out perfectly. Potoler Dorma - I just loved this dish. Parwal (Snake Gourd) stuffed with fish/mutton. I would suggest Mutton filling, as it is more flavourful. After eating all of this, if you got some space in your stomach - You can dare to order a Biryani. Biryani is good, yet different from the regular Mughlai Biryani. Dal is a must order at Bhojohori Manna. Creamy and full of veggies, its just lovely. Beverage - 7/10 Ampora Shorbot is so so so refreshing. The best beverage on the menu. Dessert-9/10 Well, I'm sure i don;t need to explain the reason why a Bengali restaurant has received such amazing ratings on the Dessert section. The Mishti Doi's, Sandesh's, Langcha's etc are good. But, for all that there are many other options in Mumbai. The Best dessert on the Menu, by far, is the Notun Gurer Ice Cream. This Gud (Jaggery) flavoured ice cream, would entice you with its Creamy (i also felt rabri/mawa texture in the ice cream) yummy, mesmerising flavour and texture. The best ever end to a tummy filling meal. Happy Feasting to You !!!!
Rated Bhojohori Manna is as quintessentially Bengali as the pashbaalish, Robindroshongeet and every Bong's birthright to indulge in obsessive lethargy. There is a certain charm to this place despite the cramped interiors and the inevitable queue; speaking of which...as someone who is used to a 30 minute wait time before 3 other families are done with their round of maachh-bhaat at the Salt Lake’er outlet, it's important to note that this place hardly had me wait. So it took me a good five minutes after settling in to realize that they weren't playing a Kishore Kumar CD in infinite loop; instead there was the continuous clangour of a super busy kitchen. Which is alright because I got my mochar chop and prawns cutlet in record time; both piping hot and absolutely delectable. Perfectly crisped on the outside with zero oily residue; both these preparations, as expected, went extremely well with the potent kasundi. I must admit, I'm used to more potent kasundi but given that this is Powai, this'll have to do. This was followed by a round of super-soft Luchi and a rich and flavorful bowl of Chicken Dakbangla. Now, no self respecting Bong/pseudo-Bong’s meal is complete without Machh Bhaat so we called for the customary Shorshe Ilish and an extra rice plate - a preparation that'll gratify the most pernickety of Connoisseurs. And to end the virtual trip to Kolkata, we called for three rounds of Notun Gurer Ice Cream with gooey Date Palm Jaggery drizzled on top. That's the way you PROPERLY end a truly Bong meal, if you ask me. Well, either this or some other typical Mishti but the ice cream definitely tops my list, hands down. In summary, if you're missing ma or dida or simply craving for delicious, authentic Bengali food there’s no destination that's more fitting than Bhojohari Manna and if you're around Powai..well.. You know where to go, now ! All in all - Food - 5/5 Service - 4.5/5 Ambience - 3.5/5 Value for Money - 4.5/5 shutternerdblog.wordpress.com
Rated Authentic bengali food at a fraction of what it may cost you in bigger restaurants. Tiny place with limited seating, it may put off some ppl. But wait, understand that it's not always about the ambience but good food. Highlight of this place is the chicken momos and wraps. They have a steamer right outside this place and the momos are sold as they are made. You won't find a stale momo as the demand is so high! All of their wraps, plain egg, chicken, chicken & egg combo are tasty and total VFM. If you don't mind sitting in the restaurant, you can taste the bengali fish delicacies and thalis. This is the only place I know in powai that serves real bengali food without breaking your budget. Recommended by the Nomadic Gourmet!! thenomadicgourmet.com
Rated I visited my niece after a long time so to make it special we decided to order from this place. As there were good reviews from my friends, living in that vicinity. The man who took the order told us 45 minutes. But it took few calls and few follow ups for food to arrive, in 1 hour 30 minutes. I was famished and irritated by that time. Thankfully it was delicious, though oily. Chicken egg roll was a treat. Kosha Mangsho was flavoursome. Chicken Dakbangla was nice. Lesson learnt is never order Luchhi for delivery as its not as tasty as it is when hot! I can very well dare to order again from this place, if they deliver in the time they promise!
Rated A really small and congested place. The AC hardly works. Tables are practically on top of one another. It cannot be called fine dining. But the heat and the humidity is forgotten once the phulko luchis and kosha mangsho arrives! Taste wise delicious, quantity wise disappointing. The narkol cholar daal goes well with the luchis. Whatever you decide to order, don't forget to infulge in their nolen gurer ice cream at the end. Decently priced and absolutely lip smacking! The nolen gur aftertaste will compel you to try another!
Rated This place has gone from unpredictable to shit. When it first opened, I very excited, because I'd long been a fan of Bhojohori's simply-cooked, reasonably-priced Bengali food. The outlet at Andheri was a well-loved place, and we long badgered the people there to have an outlet in Powai. After the initial flurry of great shukto, mutton dakbunglow, fish rongpuri, basanti pulao and nolen gurer ice-cream - which, incidentally, are also their best dishes - of a few months, however, this place began to flounder. Things on the menu became regularly "unavailable", the quality of the rice used in pulao went a few notches down, and the mutton in the kosha or dakbunglows became more bones and cartilage than meat. The worst part, however, is their system of home delivery. First, although they advertise home-delivery as one of their services, orders that do not feel sufficiently large to the management never merits an easy yes. I usually order for two people, and given that, my orders are usually quite large: a pulao, a mutton dish, a fish dish, and usually two curries. Every other place at Galleria delivers a lot less. But Bhojohori asks me every single time to come pick my stuff up. "Or", they warn, "it can be up to an hour till we find time to deliver." Of course, if one does stop by for a pick-up, there's no guarantee one won't have to wait for an hour anyway. Just two weeks back, after waiting for forty minutes for two paltry fish fries (fish rongpuri, they call it), I was finally obliged to cancel my order. That was forty minutes in addition to the thirty minutes I had given them in between placing my order via phone and arriving at their shop. There was no apology from the restaurant - they simply nodded. Perhaps they had waited to see if I actually turned up for the pick-up before sending someone to catch the fish. On two occasions, these people have actually not delivered the food ordered, and not bothered to inform me either that the food I was counting on for dinner would not be arriving. And on numerous other occasions, they have turned up a good hour after me placing the order by phone, with a messed-up parcel of food we did not want. One can only blame these things on teething troubles of a new place for so long, and the Powai Bhojohori is past that time for me. To give these unprofessional twits their due, when the food does arrive, it is usually good (except the basanti pulao, whose rice is clearly of the cheap variety lately, and the dish too sweet to boot), but the stress of dealing with the humans who prepare the food seems less and less worth the flavour. If another place starts serving good fish-fries, I will kick this outlet off my list immediately.
Rated Food quality not good. Taste for differently ordered food is similar, you can't differentiate what is what.... I am not happy with food quality if this particular restaurant...
Rated Pleasant resto in this area! Loved their ambience, food n service! Isn't heavy on the pocket too and after long experienced good quantity for the price we paid! Went here for experimentation hence just could eat their penne Alfredo and tomato soup. Both were excellent! Especially the Alfredo pasta which was served lavishly with ample olives, zucchini et al accompanied by 4 proper pieces of garlic bread! The tomato soup with breadcrumbs was yummy too only hitch at the base we found sliced garlic.. Which was a turn off for my friend, we have written it in their feedback n hope that's taken care of. I love places which serve tasty fare not holding back on quantity n I saw on another table garlic bread plate had 8 pieces instead of 4.. Which was a total surprise! Good work, Keep it up and surely ppl do visit this one when u're in sion :) --- Got a chance to re visit soon enough and this time tried their cheese corn balls and veg lasagne.. Cheese corn balls were super yummy with melted cheese oozing out at every bite ! Lasagne was nice too but I liked their Alfredo pasta more :) I think the baked dish is interesting and next on my trial list :D since we were 4 of us, 6 corn cheese balls proved to be less n I had praised their quantity so much my friends wer disappointed it wasn't 8 pieces :/ Anyhow still love the place n visiting to try more :) cheers
Rated Good quality of food and staff behaviour is good...ambiance not really great possibly because of the area of the location...Pot Rice is the highlight of the restaurant and bruschetta as well...not a place a visit very often...however ordering for home delivery is pretty often...
Rated A decent place to eat and also save money. Not too expensive. This place is hidden in one of the bylanes in sion, near domino's. Tucked away in corner,this place offers decent food for those who want to compromise with the locality and ambiance. I have been here a few times and have liked the food here. Especially the bamboo shoot rice. Damn good stuff it was.
Rated After Heavy Work Pressure, When you are Hungry All You Need Is Good-Food. #So-Much-To-Do-Soooooooooo-Less-Time #SHort Review Order Order: -Nacho Cheese with Salsa : Salsa 💃💃💃❤ -Pizza -Garlic Bread
Rated Good food value for money good location Loved the veg burger Liked the paneer chilly They dont serve sizzlers on Sunday Would like to try them on weekdays Very small place but good food and good value for money
Rated After a long wait I m finally here , seven sevens a very peaceful place with almost all college students n young crowd , coming on food a quite good food typical Indian Chinese food with a moderate rate , easy to find normal service .. Once visit place for foodies n good place to hangout with friends for the locals
Rated This is one of the only restaurants serving decent Italian and Mexican fare in sion, with a wide variety of options, and pretty good preparations. The portions are quite generous and the prices student friendly. All in all, a total value for money place serving cheesy comfort food. I'd recommend the lasagne, and the pizzas and pastas are pretty good too.
Rated Good Restaurant for Italian food in Sion ... Though there arent many ... Also Pizzas are quite good ... Nachos and Garlic bread rule the roast
Rated Best to visit in the evenings or nights. Love the music here. Isn't too loud either. The food is standard as that served in all the rude branches. Hariyali chicken is my personal favorite. Overall, must visit. One visit just won't satisfy you if you live in the same vicinity. Because, no one can ever get enough of rude! And of course, it's an open roof. So, that tops it all.
Rated Awesome location in supreme towers of hiranandani Powai with a fantasying city view making it a perfect ambiance for night parties. :D Best part was when you are greeted by the manager just by checking in in zomato..!! :D Although gave a bachelor party to a friend and the lounge made it happen..! Stella towers made it super breezy :P with a sparkling wines and Nonveg cources the moment was absurd..! Ending the review with following scores :P Ambiance : 4.5/5 Food : 4.5/5 Service : 4/5 Location : 4.5/5
Rated Finally found the best open roof top place in the city with perfect music, drinks and ambience! I love the view from here, especially in the day. :) They should add a bit more items on their food and cocktail menu. But otherwise it's a super breezy and chilled out place to get away from the city hustle. Perfect for a date, friends hang out, family outing or even a solo drink. Go! Go!
Rated What a place!! The place gets a five star just for its location, you see the beautiful powai landscape from the place... Making it super enjoyable. I loved every minute spent at this place. Food drinks all good.
Rated It's a nice rooftop restaurant .. Music, drinks, atmosphere is good but didn't like the food .. Food was just ok, nothing good about it .. Also the staff are ok too .. Best part of the restaurant is it has a beautiful view ..
Rated Best place in Mumbai to have drinks and hangout with friends, located at top floor f IT park building in mountain you will get superb view of Mumbai city with cold breeze kissing ur ears and some dashing music. If you stay in Mumbai and still din visit dis place den u should kick urself. Get up and grab a place here.
Rated It's hip and fun and huge. You drink and dance and make merry. Chicken Lasagna and French Fries are nice. Party ambience. You can visit with family or friends. Seemed like a place for everyone at any given time.
Rated On 8th floor in Supreme Business Park. Open air Restro bar with a fantastic ambience and mosaic view of Powai and Lake Food is good as well - Especially the Greek Salad was quite refreshing.... Service can be made quicker
Rated ***"Rude Lounge"*** A good place for having buffet, Drinks, Hangout, and for smoking too* this place is located at supreme business park in powai which is at 8th floor awesome view from Lounge with beauty of hiranadani gardens and powai lake too** behind mainland China!! Now talking about the outlet.....This is totally different from other outlets... Ambience was good quality quantity was good starters was so many.... Consist of veg,paneer,chicken,mutton although it was buffet @399 but the items it consist was alot in consist of about 10-12 dishes including salads,soups,deserts!!! Now will talk about their behavior staff was co-ordinating was friendly but their service was quiet slow while serving,during bill staff was well trained!!! Ambience was awesome but I suggest that if your going for Rude Lounge at powai then you should at night at night your experience will be tooo good*
Rated Decent food and coffee. I'm sure the cakes are the real stars of the show here. The sandwich and quiche I had were ok but nothing mindblowing. Bread could have been a little fresher on the sandwich. Quiche was a bit gooey inside , tasted like there was flour through the egg for some reason. Cold coffee was actually pretty good. They did try and hit me with a 150rupee delivery charge as they claimed I was too far away. This was after I had ordered. I told them I wasn't very impressed by that and slightly suspected it was more about squeezing some money out of a gora. However when the food turned up there was no delivery charge. So all forgiven.
Rated I love Theobroma! They never disappoint and are great value for money. I visited Theobroma after years and was pleasantly surprised by the brilliant variety. If you have a sweet tooth, you really cannot go wrong with their desserts and brownies. I like everything I've eaten here
Rated Second visit to this place & my first review!.. Great place with amazing food. Had the fritata last time n tried the BLT this time... Loved them both.. But your banana tea cake, hands down, best one I have ever tasted.
Rated Overload brownie, Oreo brownie; best. They're my all time favorite. Also loved the chicken barbecue sandwich. There was one cheesecake I tried but I can't really recollect the name. It was something something chilly cheesecake. I'm looking forward to visit the place again for that cheesecake. When you gulp a bite of it, that's when you can sense the chilly flavour. It was so far the best thing I tried at theobroma I also personally love the tarts here. Chocolate ones are better! It's a perfect destination for dessert lovers.
Rated The best bakery in India. Not saying much, but please try the Butty, the hot chocolate with marshmallows, the Banoffee pie and every other dessert on the menu. I love Theobroma!
Rated Theobroma has been my one and only destination for desserts, My only love has been its red velvet cheese pastry (Not that other things are not great but hey god is god. This little outlet in the main Powai market will give you a sense of calmness with ofcourse the mouth watering delicacies. Not too expensive for the quality it provides, suits a students pocket. Recommendation - Blueberry cheese cake, red velvet cheese pastry.
Rated The food in this place is amazing. I stay close to this outlet and hence have visited quite a number of times. Best food to try here is Full English Breakfast. It's available throughout the day and it's a feast to have at any given time. Coming to the dish, as you can see in the picture, it has a couple of toasts, eggs to order, hash brown, mushrooms, beans, bacons and chicken sausages. Everything is delicious except the bacon which I don't think they make very good as it is supposed to be slightly crispy which you wouldn't find here. I get it replaced with extra chicken sausages everytime and I am good to go. Must try it. This meal is more than sufficient for one person and if your appetite is not at its optimal level, then this can feed 2 people. The contents are really healthy and food feels satisfying. Service is a little slow and that is the only complaint that I have got here but once the food is on the table, I get too relaxed to care about them. Costs Rs. 320(Rs. 275 before tax).
Rated This place really offers what its name means. The word 'theobroma' is made of greek roots-theos(god) and broma(food), that translates to 'food of the gods'. And it surely felt divine to have such amazing food and delectable desserts. I have been to this place a couple of times, so have tried a few items on their menu. I must say, there is no better place for chocolate pastries and brownies; they are simply out of the world. And they have great savoury dishes as well. They serve massive sandwiches here out of which I have tried the chicken harissa sandwich, which was accompanied by french fries. It was delicious and also very filling. The sandwiches are truly worth every penny. I have had three of their brownies, chocolate overload being my favorite. Tiered temptation mousse cake is another one of my favorites here. It really tastes amazing especially the flavor of rum in it is mind blowing. The rainbow cake is also quite good. It is quite different and has vanilla cream sandwiched between the seven colors of the rainbow cake. Had a cappuccino too which was very refreshing. The ambiance is pretty good but service a bit disappointing. Overall it is a great place not only for your sweet tooth but also for a nice filling meal. Definitely value for money. Next time will try something from their breakfast menu.
Rated So i had gone for some official work and before coming back to pune i made it a point to visit theobroma . They have one of the best sandwiches. I chose a ch. Tikka sandwich. 120Rs. Then i had their signature red velvet cupcakes and packed quite a few of them. Their red velvet, macaroons, red velvet brownie and caramel cupcakes are amazing. Worth every penny. A MUST.
Rated One of d best known landmarks in shivaji park area since ages. Went der on saturday evening. Reservation is must. The staff is very courteous and friendly but service is tad bit slow which was surprising considering the ppl waiting outside. Food was awesome well cooked and tasty.
Rated Been to this restaurant many times since I first discovered it about 6 years ago. Its one if my favourite place in this area. Suggest you to go there early evening or weekdays to avoid the crowd. If you look around you'll surely spot a marathi celebrity from the movies ,TV or the stage. Staff is very friendly and prompt and will suggest you good combination of dishes. The best part is they have a well stalked bar which include scotch , beers and other imported spirits. Tried the Bloody Mary the other day and maaaaan it was the best Bloody mary that l ever had with just the right amount of the Worcestershire sauce and a dash of the Tabasco. My favourite here is the shredded lamb in brunt chilli sauce and the mushroom garlic fried rice. The combination was suggested by one if the waiters and I was hooked on to it. This place has never ever disappointed me and will remain in my top 5 list of restaurants in Mumbai.
Rated Was told by a school friend (at our school reunion some time ago) that this is like 5 Spice, finally got to be here last week and yes,to some extent,it IS! It serves Indianized Chinese food with boatloads of flavors and sauces and gravies and price is not too bad either. Ofcourse,a visit here should be preceded by months of dieting :D Staff recommends dishes expertly,so listen to them. Tell them if you want something spicy or sweet or sour,they will help you. I am giving an extra point just for their helpfulness. Non veggies have so many options,I don't know how they ever make a decision on what to have here :D Had Exotic veggies & tofu in black bean sauce, Chilli Garlic hakka noodles and Stir fried veggies. I liked Tofu,so soft and such huge pieces. Noodles were appropriately spicy and Stir fried veggies were very crunchy. A hearty meal, but there was too much oil in everything. I could almost hear my arteries clogging themselves to death :D Well, taste vs health is never a good battle :P celebratemybeautifullife.blogspot.com
Rated Went with my partner there.. As suggested. Ordered Something new. With something to drink... It's a nice place. Just a bit conjusted... U can actually here what the next person besides you is talking about.. It does play some good music.. And the bar has a variety of drinks .. From Poland.. Russia.. ! Have a try..
Rated One of the oldest Chinese places in and around Shivaji Park. And its not your kinda place if you don’t like the concept of Indian Chinese :P It doesn’t have a fancy ambiance so don’t expect much there. The tables are too close for comfort so cant be too loud unless you want your neighbors to join in the conversation  The waiters are very friendly and happily help you with orders. Some of the must haves here are Spring Rolls , Crispy Chicken , Burnt Garlic Fried Rice , Wantons , Clear Soups , Vegetable Hot Plate , Three flavoured noodles. I wouldn’t call it really reasonably priced but somehow I don’t really crib bout their pricing. It is quite a popular place still and hence if you go here during the peak meal times be ready for a good waiting time !
Rated Really enjoyed the food . It was late so we didn't order any starters we when straight to the main course. ..we ordered chicken udon noddles (on the suggestion of the waiter) and chicken chow mein noodles. .. both we really good and tasty. Ambience was also good. Will definitely be going back to this place. Carlson Dsouza
Rated Summary first, fantastic place. Quite an old restaurant, this place is always full. But it is surely worth the wait. I love the wonton soup and the chilly chicken. The soup is boiling hot and the wontons are tasty. The portions are large. The dimsums are also crafted to perfection. The coatings are nice, even and thin. Main course on the other hand would be better with some addition to quantity. The taste of course is fantastic. The staff is also quite friendly but sometimes unresponsive. Price wise it is a tad towards the heavier side. Overall, a great place for Chinese food.
Rated A great place to accomplish the desire to taste mouth watering chinese delicacies along with a good collection of drinks..Phad Thai Koong is a must tryout here..
Rated Gypsy is a place that I've always associated with Indian Chinese. Still over the years they have grown in status, so on my last visit I was really impressed with the service, ambience,the quality and quantity of food and even after so many years, its prices have remained steady. Coming to the meal, the soups are good and what you can generally expect from a Chinese place. Sweet corn soup with corn flour and a veg wonton soup with more than necessary veggies! The veg spring rolls were good and more than sufficient for 2-3 people. The American chopsuey is something I had after ages and I absolutely loved it! Something I'm sure the Americans and Chinese have not heard off! The ambience has a nice feel, only if they had not played English pop in a Chinese restaurant! The waiters are quick on their feet and the speed of service is reasonable. For a restaurant that is centrally located and been around for more than a decade, it is well priced. I didn't have non-veg this time round, but will surely dig into it next time! Food 4/5 Service 4/5 Price 4.5/5 Ambience 3.5/5
Rated Date : 16 April 2016 at 9 PM A lazy Saturday evening and grub time. Decided to try this diner and ordered food. The menu is quiet exhaustive and and options are many, Went with all vegetarian fare. Ordered the all time favourite of 1. Spring rolls 2. Haka noodles 3. Sweet and sour veggies 4. Rice pot The food did arrive on time as promised . This was a good start. The food is packed very well and the 'black' containers was a first for me. They look pretty snazzy to the regular white plastic containers. So this was a good change. The food was warm and refreshing. Regarding the taste , I would say the best of the lot was the rice pot. The other stuff was good and pretty much in line with the Chinese fare one gets in restaurants. The serving sizes are good and the sauces they give and good. All in all a good experience and the pricing is pretty reasonable. Food : 3.5/5 Service : 4/5
Rated Entering China Bristo makes one remember Ming dynasty as the have a statue of wise man at the entrance. They have a elegant ambience. The dinning set up is on of a luxury dinning with good cutlery and crockery and chop sticks. Tables are closely set maybe due to the demand. Good food we ordered khao Suey Wine and chilli Crabmeat soup Burnt garlic fried rice. 1. Khao Suey here is breathtaking. The moment they get it near you the presentation is damn amazing and the aroma activates your salivary glands. Its serves four if you order other dishes too. The texture and the flavour is just perfect. 2. Wine and chilli Crabmeat soup Tried crabmeat for the first time loved the soup. It has a delicate flavour and little chunks of crabmeat. I would like it more if the crabmeat were bigger chunks so I can actually feel them in my mouth. 3. Burnt garlic fried rice Came to the table a piping hot. With the garlicky aroma. Rice perfectly cooked and amazing flavour. I would like to thank Inder and Manoj for making our experience better with quick service and they were always available even when the restaurant was busy. Ambience 3.5 Food 4.5 Service 4.5 Thank you.
Rated To begin with, all China bistro ' s in bombay have amazing ambience, dadar being my favourite, even the staff here are so very friendly. My favourite here is their dimsums! So lite and fresh. The clear soups are a little salty for my taste. But their assorted veggies pepper fry is a must. Their main is sumptuous in quantity. A good chineese food experience. Plus, they have a good wine collection. Head here when in doubt and you feel chineese.
Rated Hosted all my friends on my bday - almost 30 of them...they have a fixed menu option - pretty cost effective - food was good, every one liked it. Service was good. Great value for money.
Rated Hav been living in dat area for all dese years bt neva trued dis place so decided to go der today n absolutely loved it... nice decor.. good food.. d veg dumplings r really yummmm... staff is polite.. all n all a place must visit... made my tummyy goo zooommmmmm 😀
Rated Though I go around this area atleast once a week I had missed visiting China Bistro for a long time. Finally got lucky & visited this place twice in 2 consecutive months. Once I tried their Pri fix lunch & other time ala carte. FOOD (3.5/5) Eight Treasure Veg Soup : Modified Sweet corn soup with superbly chopped eight treasures like bell papers, baby corn,mushroom etc. It was very thick,lovely! Hot & Sour Chicken Soup : Chicken pieces were put whole heartedly, perfectly spicy. MUST HAVE. Crispy Vegetable Konjinaro : Baby Corn, Mushroom, cauliflower & potato deep fried, made in lil sweet sauce but the crispyness was well maintained. Mongolian Chicken : Yummy, Spicy, Very well marinated & cooked chicken which was served hot on our plate. Vegetable Hakka Noodle : My most favourite dish amongst the main course. Thin & just perfect! Don't give them miss. Chicken Fortune Fried Rice : Good, usual one, aroma of the fried rice was really superb. Four Treasure Hunan Sauce : I'm a Hunan Sauce lover but this gravy was a complete miss. Something was not right with blend of flavours. Changed Clay Bowl Chicken : The staff had informed us that the gravy will be lemony, we were ok with it. But it turned out to be too sour & inedible. But Chicken pieces were big & soft. They were definitely worth eating. Hot Sliced Brownie with Chocolate Sauce : 3 medium sized soft brownies with sufficient moisure topped with chocolate sauce. Barbecued Chicken Bao : It was my first encounter with bao! It was nothing but chilly chicken stuffed in bread. Chilly Chiken quantity was really good n was well made. Chicken Chilli Garlic A la Italino : staff's recommendation! Spaghetti spiced with Chilly garlic, zucchini but Chicken was hardly seen. We had requested them not to keep it bland but the chef took it so seriously that it was made really spicy. SERVICES (4.5/5) The staff attending was very much knowledgeable & were giving us all the information about the dish we were asking about. They were attentive, very soft spoken & quick too. A small request to the management, if possible please add table cloths as the wooden table gets too sticky at times. AMBIENCE (4/5) Eye soothing lighting, with comfortable chairs & tables at moderate distance. CONCLUSION A nice place for family/friend dining or may be for a date too. Fine dine restaurant at casual dine restaurant cost. Value for money place as the portions served are really huge.
Rated This place is bang opposite Sena Bhavan at Dadar. Yester year's Chandragupta, now China Bistro.... The decor is tastefully designed to match the theme of the restaurant at the same time, they have not over done it... Me likes... The staff is courteous and always around to serve. One didn't have to call for service. Manager was attentive and suggestive of specials.. It was a pure food night so only one of us ordered a kaffir lime Mojito.. Drink was tasty. Green tea was offered on arrival and also during the meal.. Food we ordered : Starters : prawn dimsum and barbeque chicken bao... Dimsums were served in bamboo steamer and were delectable... The coating was not at all thick and the filling could be seen through it which again was yum .... Bao had chicken and few peppers and red chilli paste... Lil spicy for my taste but chomped it down gleefully. Considering the thickness of the bao, Felt the chicken fill was comparatively less... It came stacked in a row on a metal stand... Main course : Prawn Khausuey ( I know it's not chinese 😁), Hakka Noodles... Khausuey, I have eaten better... Hakka was tasteful and non of the ingredient were over powering the other.. All in all, a good dine experience..
Rated It was my first visit to China Bistro and I cant stop praising the food. Simply fabulous. Anuja Bendre and I opted for the "Prix Fixe Menu" a complete bargain for Rs. 399. Generous quantity of piping hot soup to start with, both Eight treasure veggies and chicken hot and sour being equally delicious. After much contemplation we zeroed down on having Crispy Veggies and Mongolian Chicken. The chicken was succulent, perfectly spiced and veggies crispy, hot, sweet, tangy all at once. Peach ice tea and fresh lime soda were the perfect companions to the long due gossips and unending conversations. Veg Hakka noodle, Chicken Fortune Fried rice, Four Treasure Veggies in Hunan Sauce and Changed Clay Bowl Chicken (too lemony for my taste) were equally relished. Then came the "Sone pe suhaga" warm soft delicious choclate brownies drizzled with Chocolate sauce which were a perfect ending to an awsome meal. Service was quick and the staff was helpful when it came to selecting from the menu. Overall a good experience and I cant wait to visit this place again. 👍 Food - 4/5 Ambience - 3.5/5 Value for Money - 4.5/5
Rated I recently visited this place for dinner. The ambiance is quite ok, nothing out of the ordinary. The staff is kinda wannabe over friendly, which is a tad bit annoying. I was quite pissed off when I observed that a different waiter would be sent over to our table on the head waiters say to ask us how our food was. Either train your staff well or at least make it look like they genuinely want to get some feedback or don't try such silly ways of getting feedback from your patrons. Moreover, we had got a cake we wished to cut after dinner. One of them may have pressed the box as a result of which the cake was smashed from one side. Instead of apologising for their mistake, the staff tried to cover up and had the audacity to put the blame on us. That was really putting off and unprofessional. Their menu boasts of a variety of Asian and oriental cuisines. I tried the Tom Kha soup, General Mao's tai chin chicken, prawns hargao dimsums, BBQ lamb skewers, BBQ chicken bao, lamb massaman curry with steamed rice. I was very impressed with their food. Apart from the soup, the rest of the food was really delicious and flavorful. Maybe not authentic Asian cuisine but surely very nice food. I would've probably enjoyed the experience more without the creepy behavior of the staff. Would definitely go back, but surely to another branch.
Rated The same menu as the usual cafe coffee day around Mumbai. This is a good place if you want to chit chat and sit calmly. Barista was another option but the attractive menu and nice hospitality attract crowds here.
Rated Nice location opposite Shivaji Park and quick service too. Not very spacious but they have some outdoor seating too. Coffee is good and the snacks and pastries are average. Cool place to hang out or have a business meeting.
Rated Ccd has always been the good shop for coffee but I used to hate it...but since it has come up with new things and which is good too I m actually loving it...the burger is really nice and yummy..better than alu tikki..and the crunchy frappe with oreo in it makes it awesome...and the garlic bread...loved it...must try!Biona Chett
Rated I visited dese place sum 4 years ago just located opp shivaji park garden n next to barista n near to mayor bungalow not much spacious but still u can feel sum peace here N as all ccd have outdoor seating even dese place also have an outdoor seating I had visited dese place with my collegues n it is veri quite place We had ordered hot cappicinno n cafe frappe Both were nice Must go guys
Rated They have recently come up with cupcakes so decided to give it a shot. Ordered for one chocolate cupcake for a take away. The cupcake was not at all like a cupcake. The cream dint see to be fresh and the chocolate was also just for name sake and was just tasting like a choco mawa cake so wouldn't recommend it.
Rated I haven't tried that many items off their menu, but the ones I have, did not disappoint. I tend to go for chocolate related drinks, and their "Devil's own" is quite good. I've had a couple of other ones as well, all relatively good. The staff is friendly and helpful.
Rated Like this ccd for its seating arrangements indoor outdoor.. The chairs are really something and the frames melt ur heart away!! Perfect hot Chocklate makes you sit here for hours to make your time special.. The belgian Chocklate shots are miniscule desserts but worth the taste
Rated One of the best ccd outlets.. so peaceful and good.. love the sitting arrangement here. Wooden high benches & sofas and the routine chair table .. must have Irish latte , chocolate fantasy & devils own ☕
Rated This CCD outlet is next to barista and recently opened tuk tukk. The seating is divided into ac section, outdoor sofa and outdoor wooden benches. This place is always crowded and very conjusted. The outdoor section is very hot the fan doesn't seem to help much plus it is always noisy. You hardly get seats in ac section and the ac section is very tiny and so many chairs kept in that tiny place.. doesn't feel like chilling there. Coffee drinks and food is as usual taste of ccd.. nothing great about it. If you have no option then go for this.
Rated We were in the Dadar - Shivaji Park area after a long time. We finished our work and then decided to go for some pani puris. The pani puris of this place was really crisp and good. The Ragda was well made and the green 'Pani' was very spicy and tasty . Between 3 of us we cleaned off 5 plates of pani puri and went home satiated. Otherwise the decor and upkeep is basic and clean. Like other snacks joint of the area this was also cramped . The service lacked the smile but was precise. Will definitely go back for some Maharashtrian snacks
Rated Was planning to visit Gypsy Chinese but my mother dragged me to nearest table which turned out to be Gypsy Corner which served only veg food. However, I don't regret eating over here trading my craving for non-veg with their super awesome dalimbichi bhaji with tandalachi bhakari and mirchi cha thesa. One thing lead to another and I ordered varan bhat for further main course. It was simple varan bhat with tup but how did it tasted so good? And we ended our meal with doodhi halwa. Totally recommended!!
Rated Good place for authentic maharashtrian food but congested seating. May be because they make to order, as even the fast selling items like Wada / Wada pav takes time. Loved the Pitla bhakri though. Mosambi Juice was sugary and hence can be avoided
Rated Honestly i find gypsy corner bit overrated and exorbitantly expensive, especially compared to gypsy chinese. Snack dishes like paani puri costs ₹50+, which i think is not worth the overall package. Even the "marathi" dishes like वांग्याचे भाजी, मटर उसळ, etc. are not worth the penny charged for.
Rated One of my friend recommended me this place, he had asked me to order Pav Bhaji here and according go him it was the best Pav Bhaji in town. The taste was good but when compared to the other Pav Bhaji being served at other places it was not at all close, for me it didn't live up to the hype. The Bhaji here was more watery.
Rated Awesome place with good maharashtrian food....Ordered Misal pav which was perfect spicy,Kothimbir wadi and masale bhat....awesome taste don't forget to try their Thalipeet and batata wada....great taste...!!
Rated I had visited Gypsy Chinese restaurant, as a kid, on my birthday but I had never taken Gypsy Corner (next to it) that seriously. I had heard from some of my friends that Gypsy Corner is one of the best places that serves Maharashtrian food and they were not wrong. I had ordered 'Mumbai Misal' that was presented very well. The taste was awesome & the quantity was perfect.The restaurant also does have special items listed for the day. I noticed 'Methkoot + Bhaat + Toop' as one of the items that day. I am sure that there would be people like me who like Methkoot-Bhaat but I was full after having the Misal.
Rated This is one place which graciously serves the tradition of authentic veg Maharashtrian food in your plate.The tenderness of kothimbir wadi, the amazing Thalipit, the spicy taste of pithla bhakri, is just priceless. The biggest surprise here is the cheese Nachos, that too in a traditional Maharashtrian joint. The ampleness of the molten cheese on crispy Nachos, sprinkled with oregano and chili flakes is just unbelievable. Gypsy was initially known for the best Pav bhaji. Now it has shifted its image more toward Maharashtrian food. Me being born & brought up in Dadar,feels nostalgic here. Forget the ambiance, just get lost in its traditional taste and think later about how to praise it.
Rated I have always been an ardent fan of their Chinese food, but never really had an opportunity to try their maharashtrian style meals. Atlast, I was here. To began with there is not much ambiance to the place. It's as exact as the name specifies - Corner. The seating is a bit to close between two tables. The food. I had the opportunity to taste a variety of them. Some photos are given below. But the misal pav was (I couldn't click that) was quite good, however my friends were in the opinion that it could have had more masala. The ginger soda and fresh lime soda were both good. The service is quick and the servers are kind. I had a great time. Thank you.
Rated Loved there chicken tikka Frankie surely come to this stall if you want Bombay's best Frankie guys with omelette and spices the taste becomes more tasty.
Rated Of course it is useless to rate such food chains in terms of their taste because they are standard products. The one in matunga also tatste the same. The difference that I have seen is that, here it costs about Rs. 10-20 more as compared to the one in matunga. Taste is good. Quantity is decent. This outlet is expensive. Could be because of the location or taxes that reye must have to pay. Definitely worth a visit.
Rated Their quality has Frankie has really gone down over the years, even though their prices keep going up. They still manage to attract a decent amount of customers only because it's Frankie, and people love it.
Rated Date : 23 Jan 2016 @ 8.00 PM Decided to have this all time Mumbai favourite today and this place is one of the places where you get the original Tibbs Frankie. In spite of being a Sat evening the rush was pretty limited which was good. Could place my order without the usual 'me first' rush at the counter. This is a typical street food joint where the Frankie is a must have. This place also serves burgers and other items but I would not recommend them. The Frankie is available in various veg and non-veg options but what I would recommend is 1. Veg Frankie for veggies 2. Egg Frankie 3. Chicken Frankie All three variants are good in taste and quiet filling in size. Value for money street food , make sure you have a bottle of water as the Frankie does leave you thirsty. In fact a chilled soda goes well with it.
Rated The creator of the Frankie was Mr. Amarjit Tibb, who visited Beirut in 1967 and became fascinated by the Lebanese style pita bread wraps. On returning to India, Tibb spent a year experimenting on and indianizing this wrap until the Frankie was birthed. Ever since then it’s been a rage food on the streets. The secret of a Tibbs Frankie is in the special Frankie masala, which is a closely guarded secret. Though you can get Frankies all over Mumbai, Tibbs Frankie’s are synonymous with great taste and quality and are now available all over the country. What I especially love about their Frankies is the delicious gravied filling that makes this roll so moist and yummy. We got our fix at a little stall called Hema Cold Drinks in Shivaji Park and the oldie but goldie – Aga Brothers in the Colaba area. ... Read full post on therestaurantfairy.com
Rated Although Tibbs at Shivai park introduced the varieties, I prefer the good ol' Mutton and chicken frankie as it is. Avoid weekends... too much rush !! You cant blame them , such a small counter and so much crowd, quality will always be the issue. Go on weekdays, ask the chef to cook roti little crisp and enjoty the fabulous frankie!!! I used to prefer Move N Pick couple of years back for frankie, but now Tibbs is the Ultimate choice when it comes to frankie... and believe me I only eat frankie at Shivaji Park!!! :)
Rated I simply love their veg offerings and the cheese schezwan frankie here is a must have. Its the most delicious frankie i have ever had. Low on stomach and high on taste the frankies served here makes for a scrumptious treat.
Rated A really good competitor for oven fresh- is the first thing I would like to mention plus a brownie point for serving non veg. I happened to try out this place in the recent times and it's all thumbs up...it actually serves everything from amazing cakes to sizzlers,pastas ,pizza, burgers to name a few ... They have amazing choice of milkshakes to accompany ur meal... The ambience is quite nice apt to chill with ur friends plus the service is decent doesn't keep you waiting for ages... Let's rate it food - 3/5, ambience-3/5, service-3/5 that extra .5 is for value for moneyThe Cake Studio a must try Atleast once
Rated Great cakes! Have tried their fresh fruit cakes- pineapple, mango and strawberry. Very creamy, Fresh and the fruits in it are not turned sour. The chocolate pastries also have a lot of variety. Must try!
Rated I love the cake studio...all my bday n occasion cakes are ordered from here..they have made exactly the designs I asked for and the taste is also abso yum..there gooey choc is the best and they do home delivery..they did 3 d light cake for my son s bday ..it was amazing..
Rated Great Cakes. Won't disappoint all sweet lovers. Creative and modern cooking. Just the right place for all Colourful Moods. Soft and spongy cakes will lighten up your event. Great Cheesecakes. They also take orders for Photo and 3D Cakes for special events.
Rated They make really nice cakes, provided they're as per the standard recipe. Had ordered a cake which had an Old Monk filling as per the menu and I asked for a change to fruit juice because the consumer was a non drinker. They didn't do it and it had Old Monk instead. Although their shapes and designs are brilliant and the taste too is very enchanting, make sure your order is actually what you ordered!
Rated Cheese cakes,chocolate cakes, tiramisu and many more fabulous cakes are available here. Love the ferrero rocher and rich chocolate cake the best.
Rated Very good cakes, though i hav tried only dutch chocolate but it was a well made one with thick later of chocolate, bitterness and sweetness. Looking forward to try more options from here. A very good substitute for Oven fresh incase you are searching for gourmet cake.
Rated Lovely cake! Lovely designs. They work well with ideas and are good with delivery and on time too. Would totally recommend them to someone for themed cakes. Also, one of the rare places in bombay who will make you a "naughty cake"
Rated They have got amazing cakes with such affordable rates. . Before cake studio i always used to buy cakes from ovenfresh but ever since cake studio started i prefer to buy cakes from this place. Cakes are very fresh soft moist and great in taste. My favourite is seasonal chocolate and starwberry cake.. yum!
Rated I have tried Maroosh food a couple of times, however this particular outlet has been a saviour a couple of times. Since I was recently doing a course that side & my earlier office was in Dadar, I used to cross this outlet on a daily basis. For those evenings when the traffic was too much & my hunger pangs were at peak level, maroosh was always the answer to things. Love their Chicken & Hummus Salad & the Chicken Shwarma. The chicken is well cooked with decent amount of garlic sauce & pickled beetroot & fries. Both come neatly packaged & makes for a great go to meal when in a rush. Sadly I have never had the time or the patience to click pictures whenever I have eaten at this particular outlet.
Rated You have to visit this place if you love shawarma. We tried the chicken shawarma and also the paneer shawarma. One of the best tasting shawarma in Dadar area.
Rated Marosh I have had it once at lowerparel Had chicken bhuna wrap and chicken reshami tikka Chicken buna was brilliant soft tender chicken in mild spicy gravy Gravy was tasting like butter chicken gravy but not exactly the same Reshami tikka roll did not really have any great taste only reshami kebab with sliced onion but very dry and no really good sauces to add on to it Overall good experience we took this as parcel as anyway there is hardly any place to sit More of a takeaway or stand and eat kind of place
Rated It is just opp shivaji park.A small outlet. Ordered chicken and mutton biryani and chicken tandoori.Chicken tandoori was awesome.By far the best one I have had.Cooked properly,soft tender and juicy.Mutton and chicken biryani were decent . Probably they use d same gravy for d base. The quality of meat is good . Definitely worth the price. Will try the hummus and shawarma next time.
Rated My introduction to the Maroosh chain happened with the outlet located in Phoenix mills which used to be a regular pit stop after the PVR night show. The Shivaji Park outlet was an order-in discovery - we had ordered Biryani from Charcoal kitchen and wanted to supplement with some kebabs. The son fell I love with the Peshawari dal though I thought it was not a patch on the smoked dal at Cafe Haqq se. The shawarma salad was a great order with its mix of chicken and lettuce on a bed of humus. The reshmi and black pepper tikkas were moist and tender. Definite reorder potential !
Rated Not so good experience about its shivaji park outlet. I haven't tried others because of its first experience. We ordered chiken roll and Chiken tikka roll. Not so good in taste. Quantity was very less. It was too costly. I would not recommend this place.
Rated Giving 2 points jst bcoz i had smthng when i was hungry. Pros - there are no pros Cons - place is too small Overpriced Less Quantity for higher price Taste was ok ok Ill never recommend this place to any one. Hope they vll improve..
Rated I like ice creams from ice cream works I like their black is black very much. It is ultimate for dark chocolate lovers. I order tub of double strawberry chocochip and cup of black is black it is bit costly I order through swiggy app got 100 off. I heard that on every 30th there is 30% off is this discount available on delivery and do you accept sodexo on delivery too. 205 it is ok for a tub and one cup
Rated Lets start with the worst part of the review, this place is expensive, just like its parent company - Cream Center Apart from that its chocolate range is quite good with names as unique Black is Black, Crispy Italian, Madagascar Sticky and Calcutta Metha Paan the sundaes are well through with good toppings and neat work by the attenders at the counter Though diseased with the price, i will go again here for some good chocolate favours
Rated Nothing extraordinary here, but the staff welcomes you with a very warm greeting and smiles on their faces! Tried the King mango and bubble gum... Very average icecream, not many options to try out.
Rated Ummm… Had high expectation from this place but it did disappoint me. Its something between Amul & Baskin. Neither too average nor too great. They do have a wide variety of flavours and some kick ass packaging etc. But I’d still prefer Hokey Pokey over it, The Good – Ambiance , Range of flavours , Service , Packaging The Bad – The product – ICE CREAM !!!
Rated Caught between the wholesome, all-milk goodness of the salt-of-the-earth Amul ice-creams and the international pedigree of Baskin Robbins, Ice cream (does not) works comes across as a distant 3rd in the "I scream for ice-cream' race and a non starter if you include the likes of Haagen Dazs and the in-house ice-creams at Indigo deli. The flavours sound intriguing enough, there is quite a range and the packaging looks good but it fails the taste test. The strawberry cheese cake ice-cream had a gritty, almost muddy mouth feel - something that I have occasionally experienced with Amul ice-cream. The mint brownie fudge tasted too synthetic and was no match to Indigo deli's fresh tasting Blueberry mint or Baskin's mint choco chip
Rated When I think of ice cream works, the first word which hits my mind is yum! Me and my friends are new to the place and are currently experimenting with individual flavors. And till now, we have relished each and every scoop to the last drop of ice cream we could manage from our cups. The variety of flavors is great, and for a first timer it is confusing, but my favorite till date is Black is Black Chocolate. I am just hoping to complete the individual flavors soon so that I can move on to the sundaes! :D
Rated Such amazing flavours! I had a medium sized scope and still took some for back home. The flavours are absolutely awesome. The service is top notch. They asked how long I would take to get home and so gave me the parcel with dry ice so that the ice cream stays intact. If you are a chocolate lover then this place will become your next adda. You have me for a fan!
Rated How I love this place! My favourites are the Wimbledon cheesecake, salted caramel and the Calcutta meetha paan. So we happened to go to ICW after my mom's bday lunch. On the 30 th of every month they hAve a flat 30% off on a bill of 400 and more. It's a complete steal. Had a lovely time there. The original bill was 1100 something and after the 30% off we paid only 725 for 11 ice creams and a tub. Totally worth the money. Way to go guys :)
Rated Amazing ice cream selection... non-conventional flavors like paan, strawberry cheese cake,, i especially love their chocolate variants.. the crispy dark italian chocolate is to die for... sheer pleasure..!
Rated This review is dedicated only for the season special Thandai currently introduced. This is absolutely a must try for the naturals lovers. Pinch of pepper, khus khus, saffron, cardamom and milk base. The spicy taste of thandai is very well maintained in a perfectly balanced manner. Go out and try it before it is out.
Rated Open till 12, extremely courteous staff and does "Naturals" need anyone's endorsement-I don't think so! 😊 Their seasonal flavours are just amazing like always-the new flavours(various berry's) are all brilliant! Just go and grab it soon! 😊
Rated I don't know if the ice cream is actually made of natural ingredients or the shop is just named natural, but the ice cream was good. Not the best, but good.
Rated After dinner visited here with family..v r around 18 of us..n all tried diff flavours..v tried chocobite, choco almond, sitafal, roasted almond and malai..i personally had choco almond and chocobite..choco almond wasnt sweet enough..which was a disappointment..other flavours were good..
Rated Yumm!!! I think the words says it all. Fan of this from ages... i think from the outlet has opened here... nothing less than 15+ years... amazing variety, amazing concept, amazing ice creams!!!
Rated Natural by the name itself it suggests that is Pure and no artificial flavors are added. Thats why I am the big fan of Natural Ice Cream. All the flavours are very much good in taste. Looking forward for Suger-free Ice creams as well.
Rated I love these natural and creamy flavors! The staff is very friendly. Worth the price delicacy! The coconut ice-cream, the coffee walnut, OMG! I love it! Worth visiting every week!
Rated Strolling around the vicinity of shivaji park and topic being common which was how Master Blaster Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar used to spend his childhood here and so on and on. And what can be better to have an ice cream later a good chat and to enrich the time well spent. So had the choco chips and tender coconut flavours parcelled in half kilo boxes and a long drive made short to ensure the ice cream doesn't melt :p Taste was ordinary yet refreshing. The choco chips used were in generous proportion and tender coconut granules being kinda a source of rejuvenation!! Would love to drop in again when I pass by this area anytime soon in near future. Cheers!!
Rated What Natural’s tender coconut is to Mumbai today Nirula’s Hot chocolate Fudge used to be to Delhi once upon a time. And you cannot not be in Mumbai and not make a single trip to Natural’s ice cream. Even though Natural’s has dozens of franchised outlets across the country today, yet somehow the feeling of having a Natural’s in Mumbai is more psychologically satisfying than anywhere else. They have loads of exotic flavors including my favorite watermelon, roast almond, roast cashew and Malai. What I love about Naturals is that the ice cream is Organic unlike the usual ones where more chemicals and stabilizers are used. So true to its name, 'naturals' ice creams ingredients include only fruits, dry fruits, chocolates, milk and sugar and absolutely zero preservatives or stabilizers. What gives them even a bigger edge over competition is the unconventional and unique flavors which are loved by all age groups. Having lived in Mumbai for two years, a decade ago I was a frequent visitor to Natural’s right from their flagship Juhu scheme outlet to Bandra, shivaji park and even the Mira Road outlet. Most of them do not even exist as on date, yet my love for Natural’s has lasted over the decade gone by. Even though my city New Delhi is blessed with 3 Natural’s outlets which have opened over the last one year yet I have not been blessed to visit even one Natural’s Ice Cream outlet. So when I was in Mumbai on work, one night after dinner, I rushed to the Shivaji Park outlet in Dadar and treated myself to a sitafal and my all time favorite Tender Coconut in a waffle cone. The experience was nothing short of bliss and heaven on earth. So if there is a Natural’s ice cream parlour in your city, do not hold back, grab a cab and grab your own scoop. You don’t know what you have been missing. whatsamsaysabout.blogspot.com
Rated Easily the best fine dine restaurant in the central part of Mumbai. Its a dim lit place with quirky setup, rustic walls, antique decor and lovely staff. The extensive menu has great selection of Cocktails, Continental, Pizzas, Burgers and Salads. My favourite would be the Grilled Chicken with mash and veggies, truly outstanding! Tip: Ask for breast pieces only! Additionally their Popular Sangrias are brilliant, but I preferred their Watermelon based Martini and Mojito! If you end your meal with the Belgian Mousse then you are looking at serious foodgasms ! Definitely will make into the top 10 restaurants in Bombay! Cocktails are 500 a pop which is slightly expensive for my liking, especially if you're like me and have 3-4 before a Meal ;) :p
Rated An amazing place to be in. Have been there a couple of months ago. Review is coming a little late :( the place is well situated in the heart of the city - Dadar. The place is always full with great people and nice music all around. Place is full lit up with outstanding ambience. Now coming to the food, this place serves mind blowing dishes. The spaghetti arabiatta is to die for. Would love to visit the place again and again.
Rated I have developed a soft corner for Terttulia and the reason being their stunning fruity Sangrias. They are simply delicious. This place has a certain homespun charm to it with dim lighting, warm colours and floral decor. All this is complimented further with their gorgeous dishes with fresh ingredients. My favourite Smoked Salmon Crostini with Cream Cheese, Roasted Mushroom and Olive Pizza and Chicken Ceaser Salad. This is just few of them, the entire menu plates up some amazing eats. The sandwiches and pastas are well flavoured as well. And for desserts the Salted Caramel Panna Cotta is a must try. While eating you may cry a little but that's ok, because it's that amazing to shed some tears of joy. Terttulia is here to comfort you with their cozy dishes paired with great drinks :)
Rated Was craving pancakes on a Saturday afternoon. And in Dadar there aren't many places for pancakes. We'd always go to far off places to hunt for pancakes. Little did we know that this place so nearby had some really good pancakes. Nice decor, seating is also very comfortable. Good music. You could go here with your partner. It's a very romantic place. Though I went here with my friends. We had a nutella banana pancake. The plating was really nice.
Rated A boutique deli style eatery cum bar at Shivaji park, Terttuila has become a personal favorite. It would've had a better demand if it was at the seashore. The ambience was quite alright with comforting music in the background. The staff is friendly and very helpful. The 4.5 rating is solely for the delicious food that I was served. I left absolutely satisfied with a big smile on my face. Tried the karari roti, crab gratin, burnt garlic prawns, the wafer thin salmon and cheese pizza and the pepperoni and mozzarella pizza, the tenderloin steak. Every single dish was absolutely amazing. For once I couldn't complain about a single dish. The meats were succulent, flavorful and orgasmic. The pizza was delicious too. For dessert I tried the dolce de leche molten and ice cream and the creme brulé cheesecake. Desserts here can be given a miss. Both were very ok. All in all, a great meal for the price I paid. A must try eatery. Can't wait to go back. Cheers to the owner and his chef!
Rated Had a very bad experience. Very mediocre restaurant with very high charges. We ordered karari roti, brocolli starter and mushrooms along with aglio olio pasta. Only thing good was karari roti. Brocolli and others were not edible, brocolli was under cooked, mushrooms and aglio olio were tasteless. The nail in coffin was the bill, it was about 3 grands for 4 dishes. No wonder the restaurant was empty, service was prompt.
Rated Great place And location. Tiny but the look and feel is brilliant! Nice food....hospitable staff! Overall a very good experience. Like their food selection on menu... Dessert wine is not too common to find in the city, this place has it right on their menu!
Rated great sangrias..white wine based...only issue is that they stock only Myra in Indian wine selection..and I have my issues with this wine...but if u want their sangria then u have no option:). Also had their mohitos which were yum..but the best was Japanese ginger based vodka cocktail, absolute nirvana. Food is always good here. Tried mushooms stuffed with goat cheese and pine nuts which was quite nice. Best was the dips platter...mushroom pate, Hummus, Tzatziki, olive...a must have Good friendly service made it even better
Rated Terttulia has been on my radar for quite some time. It has some favorable traits namely European food, walk-able distance and great desserts. However, I could not secure reservations in the past. Though after this experience, I am going to certainly try harder for a reservation. This place is worth every penny and moment spent. To have such a gem exist in my backyard is truly a privilege. ... Read full post on grubzone.blogspot.com
Rated After a long walk by Shivaji Park,we happened upon this place. It's a perfect combination of a fine dine area for family as well as a rustic bar/cafe in the inner section of the place. The décor and look and feel of the place is amazing. All the artsy wall hangings and fancy dim lit chandeliers make this a perfect place for a date night. We weren't looking to eat much so I ordered the lamb meat ball spaghetti which was absolutely heavenly My vegetarian friend stuck with a risotto which had a good flavour but wasn't much to write home about. This was followed by a decadent creme brulee cheese cake that had me drooling all over the table. Overall, Food: 3.5/5 Ambience: 4/5 Service: 4/5 Value for money: 3/5 Large portions will leave you satisfied, a must visit :)
Rated A small place at the corner near Shivaji Park, Gold Rush is a value for money restaurant. It is known for the South Indian dishes and pav bhaji it serves. Gold Rush surprisingly serves decent North Indian gravy dishes and 'Indian' Chinese. The place is cramped up and the service is decent.
Rated Well known food joint of the Shivaji Park.... Famous amongst all... Quite a small place but they have arranged sitting arrangement just besides the original restaurant. Food here is really good i mean almost everything... Right from South Indian Snacks to Indian Main Course. I just love to have their Rice. Such a looong grain u dont get it in any other restaurant in its League. We always Njoy our time here. Not yo forget their juices.... Staff is bit Moody but doesnt matter as long as they serve good food.
Rated Offers very good vegetarian cuisines. I prefer to eat chinese here.Rest all is good.Spring rolls is a musy try.Ambience is 7 on 10. Service is also good.
Rated An average place with tight seating capacity. Paav bhahi was surprisingly good. The food items in general are in the range of "ok- decent". Not heavy on pocket. An okayish place to grab a quick bite if you are around dadar.
Rated This place use to be very good for my taste. But now, for some reason it's not so good. The pau bhaji was really good earlier. Sadly, taste is not satisfactory for my palate.
Rated On one fine night in office while working late. I thought of eating some rich north indian gravy. So i ordered navaratan korma and a couple of rotis from gold rush(it was only opened place at that time) It only had pineappple taste in it. I had to throw most of it away. I would not take a risk of ordering from this place again.
Rated Value for money restaurant for those who eat only veg. They have two sitting places one just one the back side of their main restaurant. A bit congested in terms of space but very delicious when it comes to taste of the food and also excellent in terms of quantity of the food. They menu is good with most veg delicacies present. P.S. Much better place than Sujata restau on the opp. side of road though both are veg restaurant.
Rated A 'value for money' eating joint for us aam aadmis. Pav bhaji, Mysore masala dosa, veg cutlet, misal pav, sabudana vada, srikhand puri and many more are a common man's delight! Good service, great taste in the heart of Mumbai!
Rated Nice veg restaurant...tasty food, pocket friendly and quick service is main features...located behind sena bhavan...my favorite was Paneer tikka masala and jeera rice with dal tadka...good quantity of everu dish...may hav to wait for sometime for ur turn...sinve this is small and crowded restuarant...nice experience...
Rated I find it important to write review about this place because it serves excellent Misal pav which is very rare nowadays. This place opens early in the morning and serves very decent breakfast. Kandapoha is also pretty good there.
Rated Another 'Shiv Sagar type' hotel situated bang opposite Sena Bhavan. Decent food, hygienic, and average pricing. Tried chana paneer with roti. Delivers what it promises. Can be tried for quick meals.
Rated Good food Fast service Small but very delicious food and pocket friendly Sambhar is awesome must try Veg biryani super tasty Sunday crowded but worth to wait Must try once Awesome
Rated Quick service. Pocket friendly. Hygenic. Tastes good. Southindian dishes awesome. Quality class. Quantity is good. You get more than what you pay for. Vegeterian delight
Rated a small restaurant in dadar with congested seating, but they serve nice food. i had veg cutlet,masala dosa and onion uttappa here...and it was nice.... tried coffee which was equally wonderful.... nothing great about it but there is nothing to complain about.......
Rated One of the many vegetarian restaurants in Dadar Shivaji Park area, this one also falls in the same category(Veg). They serve South Indian, Punjabi as well as proper basic and typical Maharashtrain food. But its known for its South Indian dishes such as Idli, Rava dosa, Medu wada... Its a nice small restaurant located in a prime area such as Dadar near Shivsena Bhavan. The restaurant is very busy in the working hours. The ambience is good. The quality of the food is nice. Many people after having a jog or a morning walk in Shivaji Park come down here to have a nice breakfast. The food tastes delicious here. And the prices are affordable and the food is delicious. Over all a very nice place for any meal of the day.
Rated I have been having my meals at this place since my childhood. Finally writing my review. One of the many "general purpose restaurants" in Dadar, yet stands apart from all the competition. Great location, great reputation. The food might not be divine but just as good to satiate one's needs. The typical South-Indian taste of the snacks, the classic taste of punjabi cuisine and a pinch of Maharashrtain goodness make your food experience delightful. Whether you go in for breakfast, lunch or dinner the place would be always full. Being easy on your pockets, it fulfills your basic expectations of seating & service. Not at all being a foodie heaven, but it sure does serve you the needful at great value.
Rated Always visit this place on Monday, Thursday and Saturday to Enjoy only "SABUDANA WADA & CURD".....It's simply amazing and Tasty Love it.....
Rated This is a very good place to visit, it has great ambiance and music. Also the food here is good the best thing i had here was the Paneer Tikka pizza and Mini Vada Pav, the presentation was awesome.
Rated It's a nice place in a vicinity where there are no other bar & restaurants as good as this. Good food and nice ambience. It's a chill place with their speciality called drunken chicken. Must try!
Rated Situated in the hushing bushing traffic of Dadar, this place has lot to offer. Ambience is decent with good food. The best part about the place is its friendly service. We ordered for a chilli cheese toast but complained about the cheese being raw. The dish was replaced by the famous chhola kulcha which tasted scrumptious. The place is a perfect fit for the college crowd. Overall, a nice place.
Rated Heard of this place alot of times from friends. Recently saw it in the dinner section of zomato so finally decide to try it out. My family and I loved everything about this place. From the decor to the music, to service, to food everything was too good. Starters and maincourse: Tried their Wood fired Pizzas veggie bomb and Margarita, really nice and cheesy. Veggie bomb had a lot of vegetables on the top and yes cheese as well. It was actually like a bomb of vegetables. Cornflakes ki bhel- sounds a bit weird but really good at taste. A very unusual but an amazing dish. Garlic bread- Garlic bread was crispy, good amount of cheese was added to it top making it even better at taste. Aaram ka vada pav-I am a mumbaikar and nobody can let me stay away from vada pav. I can't miss out on vada pav. It was a nice small vada pav served with tangy tamrind chutney and spicey green chutney! Loved the taste as it was served hot. Spinach corn ravioli- Ravioli is home made stuffed pasta. There was a stuffing of spinach in it which tasted really good . The sauce was creamy and I loved the taste. Tried daal khichdi. Loved it. It tasted very much like home made khichdi and absolutely light for stomach and Healthy not to forget. Delhi ke chole kulche- Been to delhi recently and tried out the best choley kulche stall at delhi, but this was never the less. Nice spicy chole with kulchas are to die for. About the ambience: We really liked the positive vibe of this place. Music here is just brilliant. Interiors are very catchy!! The walls are painted with different faces and all. I will definately recomend this place, especially to people who are looking for food and liquior at reasonable prices. Taste-4.5/5 Ambience-5/5 Music -4.5/5
Rated This place is perfect for you to chill with your friends over drinks! Head over, and enjoy. You will surely have a great time here. The crowd here is excellent. You will spot alot of teenagers and people in their 20's and 30's having a great time. Price: The price isn't high, it's reasonable, if you go in a group or in twos. Food: Try their Wood fired Pizzas, especially Margarita, really nice and cheesy. The crispy edges will make you wanna have more of it. Masala papad roll - A nice roll having fillings of crispy papad chura. It was spicy, tangy and those crunches, that you get when you take a bite is something i was soldout for. Garlic bread - Garlic bread is something we always start my meal with so ordered for it. It was nice and crispy. The cheesy top with herb seasoning enhanced its taste. Veg sesame toast - A friend recommended me this long back as he really loved it when he visited this place so decided to order that. Trust me it was worth a try. Excellent taste. Go for this! Spinach corn ravioli - Ravioli is stuffed pasta. Stuffing of spinach made it healthy and tasty. The sauce was thick and smooth. Try it if you are a pasta fan. Tried their very famous daal khichdi. Loved the consistancy and taste. It was very authentic and surely the best one so far. Ambience: We really liked the whole vibe of this place. It's crazy! Music will definitely not let you leave this place. Interiors are very nicely done. I will definitely recommend this place, especially for people who are looking for alcohol at reasonable prices..cheers!!
Rated I recently dropped in here with a bunch of my friend, late at night somewhat around 12:30am or so.... We all were super hungry and were in big doubt for were shall we eat? A friend of mine suggeted to try out this place. He was the only one who had tried it earlier and depending on him we came here... 'Reunion' the name of this place was super catchy and as soon as we reached, I was looking at the entrance of this place with a wow. Truly, it was very catchy and attractive, we went inside, thinking we would be last customers, but to no, there were groupsof people present... The ambience was wow and I was in love with it, perfect lightings, frames on one wall, face paintings on another, I was capturing every detail of the place, and was hating that phone's battery died an hour ago... The music was perfect and was making me to dance to the tunes... We settled down and immediately there was a staff person to attend us, quickly we were provided with the menu cards... After thinking and consulting with the staff person what we should try we placed our orders (we ordered in the time intervals and not all together)... What we orderd- In drinks- Corona : Its a beer and I'm not a beer fan, but as per my friends beer is always good and corona is best... So no further comments on it... Blue Riband : Ok, this was also a drink which I'm not aware of, Neither did I tried, but it looked good and was presented really well... Vodka with Gin & Juice : This was mixed with cranberry juice and served in a light blub, I personally loved it and enjoyed the drink too... The cutest part was its presentation... In food- Aaram ka vada pav : This was a regular wada pav served in burger buns instead of pav and was really good in taste. No doubt why it is recommended in what you should try? The presentation was really good and the taste was superb.. Tikki Dil se : Tikki served with Chutney and some salad was really delicious, best part was it didn't felt that oily, which was perfect and a wow factor for us. Cheese Chilli Toast : My all time favourite, this was super tasty. I love it when cheese streches after the bites and it does and was just yum... Sometimes I get disappointed, when on the name of chilli people put capsicum on it, but here it was perfect, filled with lots of cheese and green chillies, I totally loved it... Paneer Tikka Pizza : Pizza is my love. And I can never say a no to it. So we ordered this and guess how beautiful it looked... Uhm... Loaded with veges and paneer tikka and lots of cheese and thin crust, this was a pizza perfectly made... 10/10 I should say... Noodle Roll : Yummy noodles rolled in the maida roti with sauces and veges and presented beautifully, was a yummy thing to try upon... I loved the noodles they made as it was perfect in spices and everything... Chole Kulcha : Ok, I love punjabi food too. But before ordering this we actually argued with each other on why are we ordering this, but as 2 of my punjabi friends saw it on a near by table they now wanted it... So we ended up ordering it... I was not sure about this dish in this place, but as soon as I had my first bite, I was sold.. It reminded me or north, no I won't day Punjab exactly, but yes north it is... Perfect spices, soft and tasty kulchas, it was superb.... And after Eating all this we didn't left with the space for sweets so we didn't ordered that... Overall the experience was superb, the service was amazing, staff was friendly and the presentation was amazing.... A must try out place... Will love to drop in here again soon....
Rated So recently i was at dadar and was looking around for a place to chill with friends and booze and suddenly this place came to my mind. Heard alot about this place from my blogger friends, saw alot of pictures of this place on instagram so i decided to hit this place. It was 8ish when i reached this place. As soon as i entered there was crazy music going on in the restaurant. I couldnt stop myself and started tapping my feat. The ambience of this place is very good. Quirky interiors. Spacious sitting area. Coming to the food: French fries with cheese dip- The fries was very crispy and served hot. The cheese dip was good too. The conbination of fries and cheese dip is excellent and this place has done complete justice to the dish. Veg Burger- i am a burger fan. And trust me they have really good burgers. The veg burger had nice thick patty. It was very filling. The spread used inside the burger was very nice. Overall loved the burger. Woodfire paneer tikka pizza- wood fire pizzas was nice crispy. Had a thin crust, cheesy and loads of soft paneer just how i like it. Pizza here is a must try!! So i always make sure to ask the manager about their speciality and order that. The speciality of this place is daal khichdi. Tried that and trust me worth to be a part of their speciality section in menu. Excellent is not the word. If you are a daal khichdi fan do not miss out on this...its a must try!!! Butter chicken frankie- Very few restaurants in mumbai serve frankie and this place is one of those who do serve frankies. Ive had butter chicken frankies at different stall in mumbai. But this one was star of the night. Nice roti filled with butter chicken. The gravy of butter chicken was very creamy and done to perfection. It was a nice big portion and a filling one. Loved it. In desserts i tried the safed kala jamun- nice and tasty. Indian desserts anyways are the best and surely my favourite. Can go for it for sure. *Alcohol lovers* They have drinks at very reasonable prices. So you can just sit back enjoy your drinks and yummy food here with your loved ones. This place wont hurt your pocket at all the prices of food is also very reasonable. I will surely visit this place again...
Rated A great place to watch a cricket match while having your favorite drink with your friends. Reunion is the newest place in Dadar area to host every IPL match with drinks. Shadowy Ambience is perfect for match screening and there are 3 different screens within the restaurant. The cost of drinks are affordable. 'Pitcher' is sadly not available but variety of pints are at disposal. Food at Reunion is below average. We tried 3 pizzas, few starters and a chicken Biryani and not even a single dish impressed us. So given the taste, the cost of food shouldn't have been that much high. So I'd recommend only 'drinking' at Reunion. They even charged 150₹ for small bowl of 'Chakli' & 'Lays'. Service we received was really nice. Workers were very attentive and they even adjusted our bill for 2+1 offer. Good place to drink and watch cricket but when hungry, go outside and eat somewhere else.
Rated This place was so nearby and yet had never been..only because the place before Reunion was so shitty that its stuck in the head!! They should definitely do something to change that as Im sure like us most people might think that way. so finally thought of trying this place out and managed to convince friends to join in, was surprisingly very very good. Decent crowd, decent ambiance, good music and reasonably priced.. in short a good combination. would have given it a 4/4.5 rating, but food was not that great, strictly ok, if paired with drinks its manageable, not otherwise. Tried their famous drunken chicken and it had absolutely no taste, (dont know why is it that famous on zomato) also had pork chilly, vada pav, egg pakora, chicken chilly, sausage chilly and a few more dishes has lots of scope for improvement!! overall must visit specially on Thursday nights which has happy hours all throughout(buy1 get1) and Fridays where they have live band playing Total thumbs up
Rated Amazing place to hang out at, if you have nothing to do on Wednesday then just rush there and enjoy the #HappyHours #LovelyMusic #GreatFood #Ambiance , try #FriesWithCheesyDip , absolutely #Recommended
Rated This cake shop is a part of a restaurant that goes by the same name, and during peak hours, it serves as the waiting area. It has all bakery products, sweet and savoury. All products here are pretty decent, and you won't go wrong with any. Service: The staff at the cake shop always seems flustered and incapable of handling any work. But despite their apparent inability they manage to get the job done, only after making sure you deal with some of their stress. Ambience & Décor: As I mentioned before that this place also serves as a waiting area, which makes the ambience over here extremely terrible. The décor is not too bad. One wall is filled with bakery products, and the other side has a counter with pastries. Food: Two pastries. ROYAL CHOCOLATE MOUSSE and CARAMEL PANNACOTTA WITH HAZELNUT CHOCOLATE MOUSSE CAKE. Both were brilliant, fresh and nice. But somehow they weren't extraordinary. I enjoyed them, but would I go back for seconds? Not at all. As we were seated inside, they provided us the pastries on a plate and since it was a special occasion they wrote a customised message on my request, which was very nice of them. I guess it's the eggless taste, but the Ovenfresh Cake Shop has never really stood out for me. It's a great place if you insist on eggless products, but otherwise, I see no major incentive.
Rated This was my second visit after ages and it was great lunch..... The food was delicious and the service was quick :) as it was a fast work lunch we took. Loved the soup, had ordered for sizzler and it was great. The Belgium chocolate pastry was tasty except the base was a little hard. Over all a great experience !!
Rated Famous for its melt in your mouth desserts ♧ food is also very delicious here ♧ spicy minestrone soup with tortilla chips / wok / fatayar / vegetable burrito in chipotle sauce ( 🔥) / garlic breads with cheese / lasagne & sizzlers ♧ yummy macaroons ♧ classic Belgium chocolate pastry / Tanzania chocolate eclair / premium black forest / Belgium chocolate mousse , just to name a few ♧ keep coming back for something new on the menu ♧
Rated One of the best bakeries I have ever visited in Mumbai. I tried their choclate chip muffins and they were the best I have ever had. I also tried two of their pasteries and they were pretty amazing but I don't remember their names. I have heard theg have a pretty sick hazelnut smoothie although I couldn't try it out this time.
Rated After a disappointing meal at Ovenfresh, we decided to head to ovenfresh bakery for the desserts. I tried the Berry Cheese Cake and loved it. Fine pieces of berries is what you get stuffed inside the cheese cake and it tastes yum. Definitely a good place for desserts. fooodgalli.wordpress.com
Rated *Lip smacking cakes* This place is amazing for chocolate cakes! They literally melt in your mouth. Definitely one of the best I've tasted in Mumbai. Definitely try their Dutch Truffle, Chocolate Hazelnut Almond and Hazelnut ones. If you're a mousse lover, Desire is the one. It's made up of 3 different mousses and is too delicious! Coffee lovers should try Opera there. They have a dine in available too. Must try savoury dishes are their sizzlers. They're very tasty! Do try the cannelloni there. Loved it! The only negative about continental dishes is that they're available only during lunch and dinner hours.
Rated Masala zone is nice option near shivaji park area to have food. You can enjoy fish and other non veg items. Big screen will let you enjoy cricket match if any....
Rated Get one thing clear in your mind before going, all they serve is Indian. Solely Indian food. The flavors are good and the service is great too. Great and warm ambience and the shikanjvi is pretty unique and has an explosion fresh flavors.
Rated Located near shivaji park always wanted to visit this place finally got a chance yesterday and this place didnt disappoint at all, good ambiance and decent service coupled with great food. We started with masala papad, reshmi kabab, garlic naan with chicken mughlai and gulaab jamun all very very good in taste! Must try if you are near by this place...
Rated A very nice place over all reasonable and very tasty food. Starters included paneer tikka, reshmi tikka kabab and non-veg platter. Starters were delicious and nicely presented. Fresh lime soda and mohito were OK. The chicken biryani was superb and quantity large. Very nice ambience and good service recommended if you are in the area.
Rated Albeit this place is not greatly reviewed by zomatians, yet decided to give my b'day treat here. Honestly , this restaurant has been put down for it's dim lit ambiance but it didn't make much difference when we he had our food coz their food is really nice. The food taste , quantity and quality was superb and that's foremost important for any restaurant. I was just fascinated when I opened menu and saw all those choices you get in a north Indian cuisine. We ordered achari paneer , angari chicken , chicken Tikka salad , fish kebab, chicken Dhaba special and veg chilli milli but what made my day was the cheese chilli Nan we had with main course. I'll recommend all to try cheese chilli nan . Loved eating here, definitely visiting back. P.S: Didn't wait to take pic first. Sorry for the pics of half eaten food Masalazone Bar & Kitchen
Rated The place is like a evening TP dinner... Nothing fancy... A dine out close to your house. The food is good basic... You won't be disappointed nor will you be floored. I will go there again for a lazy dine out or order in again... The people there will vary from family crowds to a drinking party of local men... So not always best for crowd point of view a quick bite is recommended...
Rated Food is just about average. The humble dal tadka stood out from the rest of the fancy stuff we ordered. Interiors could do with some more light to liven up the gloomy setting.
Rated Food: Seekh kebabs are avoidable. Chicken tikka is good. Fish is average. Chicken Dhaba gravy is very good. Tadka dal is brilliant. Sabji Banjara is quite good too. Service: Very attentive. Waiters mostly know the menu. Ambiance: This is one region which needs a desperate revamp. It's dimly lit. Furniture looks old. Upholstery looks worn out. A makeover will do a lot of good. Overall: Value for money for the food and drinks. Located very well. No other Indian restaurant in the close vicinity.
Rated Very good home delivery service! Butter chicken and chicken dum biryani is extra- ordinary! Their laccha paratha and kulchas are very soft and don't get chewy. Must try!
Rated A small Barista outlet right next to Shivaji park - consequently it's really cool out here. Had Barista frappe - was good. There's outdoor seating available as well.
Rated One of the oldest outlet of barista.. If u wanna around dadar you just tend to say it let's meet at barista!! This outlet is iconic in its own ways.. nice seating arrangements well lit and the awesome coffee.. had tried the hot chocklate but was disappointed.. The other coffees remain sinful..
Rated Roaming around town at night, came across this little barista so stopped to grab something to eat and drink. The staff here is well equipped with their menu. Also they had a game of chess set out for the customers to play. Called for a green apple lemonade, raspberry mojito and a chicken tikka pita pocket with some mustard sauce. Drinks were refreshing and the pits pocket was good.
Rated Went for late night ride and thought pf taking a stopover here with my lady love! A good place to sit out and chill in this weather and a nice game of chess here did no harm ! Called for a green apple lemonade and raspberry mojito with a chicken tikka pita pocket with mustard sauce which was pretty good ! Too far from town but worth a visit at times.
Rated Situated at one of the prime locations in the town and one of the oldest cafes i know, but feel lately its losing its charm and elegance of being the cream amongst the coffee shops and cafes. Products are good no doubt but heap of dust on the chair is not i pay a premium for. Team training and polished staff like earlier is missing. May be the brand is losing its focus on being customer driven. Keep the products same and improve the ambiance quality.
Rated No Coffee No Chai... The only reason why i Visit the place is their Desserts... OH MY MY... It tempts you so much i just cant tell... "The Dark Temptation" Is best of them all... We usually like to hangout at this place when nothing much to do in Shivaji Park.. But once u enter u cant resist.... Love this place... Well sometimes we do try Cappuccino and Ginger Tea, not bad at all haan....
Rated A cool and soothing ambiance for hanging out with friends and chatting. The place is not too crowded, service is good, like every other barista outlet. I always visit barista only for the espresso and it is an all time favorite.
Rated There are many Baristas in the city but this one for some reason is my favourite. Don't know what's the reason but the Alfresco seating somehow is very soothing for any point in the day. The lattes or anything on the menu is pretty standard. Open Sandwiches and Pastas are decent not the best but can serve the purpose.
Rated We only eat fish fry platter from this place. Its totally worth it. Prawns pulao is pretty good too. Have heard that their mutton dishes are pretty good, havn't tried it yet though. Nothing great about the ambience. A very small and decent place for seafood. Service is good.
Rated Used to be one of my favorite malvani food joint. However, since the ambiance changed, the food quality has deteriorated. There used to a manager/cashier/purchase manager all in one person who used to manage this place and since his disappearance I have seen this place going down on quality of food and high on prices. I think they opened another branch in lower parel but shutdown quickly. My favorites from here used to be bombil fry, mutton sukke, kombadi wade and solkadhi. I miss those days... Cmon guys, we dont mind spending more but bring the old taste back. Nowadays its just an average malvani cuisine restaurant!!! Any day I would prefer to have similar food on Raju gadi opposite the restaurant.
Rated Good place to satiate those spicy non-veg cravings. We ordered the mutton sukka thali and the prawns pulav along with a side of prawns fry and mutton liver. All of them were good although the portion of prawns fry was too less than usual. Spicy and well cooked, the meat was tender and juicy and I relished every bite. Just one thing to keep in mind. It's always crowded here, so be prepared to wait a little. A feast for 2 will cost you no more than a 1000 bucks. Try it soon!
Rated Great food.. Small cozy place.. Not a great ambience but the limited menu but great food makes up for it.. Great for quick lunch out from office or after office..
Rated Great place to have some super awesome malvani food... Ambience wise it's not that great and you may not like it, if you are used to Gazalee kind.of Ambience... *Prawns thali: super spicy and yummy prawns gravy comes with a orange fish gravy, rice and chapatis... Just mind blowing... *Kombdi Wade: delicious chicken gravy cooked in Coconut gravy and soft but crispy wades is a heavenly combo and I doubt anyone else makes it like Sachin! *Bombil Fry: batter fried bombay duck served with the most amazing ginger chutney! Its one killer combo! My sister loves the Mutton Thali and swears by it!
Rated One of my fav places to have seafood. Must have is bombil fry. After the change of management, overall quality of place is gone down but still I prefer to go to this place anytime.
Rated Hotel Sachin will always stay close to my heart because my pappa introduced me to this place, he told me that he used to dine here every alternate day when he was working. One fine day he took me to Sachin. We ordered Mutton sukke, Chapatis and Chicken biryani. Mutton Sukke was good but the mutton was bit hard. The biryani was awesome, its done more in a Gomantak style and comes with extra rassa as accompaniment. Right from then I make a visit to Sachin, if am in dadar area. I have tried their Chicken Sukke Thali, which includes: Chicken Sukke Chapatis/Vadas- go for vadas Chicken Rassa Rice Green Chutney of coconut, raw mango, garlic, chilly and coriander Onions Lemons Sol Kadi This place has lost its charm is what the old people say. The waiters here were way more courteous than the current fools, a waiter named 'Kashinath' was my dad's good friend, he alone used to take orders, serve and handle everything efficiently. They have replaced the old staff as the old has turned old. There are a lot of changes in the taste of food as well. But this is a good place to try.
Rated Loved the ambience Good food Very tasty appetizers They take a bit longer to serve but it's worth the wait I could've loved a pitcher option or better happy hours scheme which will make it really busy if that happens
Rated A perfect place for having a some food and drinks. The ambiance is very peaceful. Seating is very comfortable. Staff is rocking. Food is tasty. Does have good offers on drinks. A very nice place to be if one is looking for a peaceful time for food with friends.
Rated Recommended by a Dadarite hence ended up going here. Had heard mixed reviews though as this used to be a shady place but not anymore ! A very relaxed seating & comfortable ambiance. Its not too crowded or noisy so allows you to enjoy your drink. Chinese is their forte ( Indian Chinese again ) and they do pretty well there. Thai Chicken , Chicken 65 , Lemon Chicken are some of the good ones. Apart from that the Kheema Pav is quite yumm. If you are around and want to relax over a couple of beers do give it a try!
Rated My friend has thrown a party here....its a small resto bar...with a beautiful ceiling design... and nice ambience... They have a smoking zone also....starters were good...we had chicken pakoda...which was crispy n yummy...we had gone on a weekday...I think they should start happy hours....it will work really well here...overall a nice place to dine in..
Rated My friends and I decided to try this place.. Honestly it is quite average.. the decor is good.. music is all old school pop.. the food is not at all worth what you are paying for.. the prices are over rated.. staff is friendly but lack knowledge about whats on the menu.. out of all the dishes we ordered for, only things we liked was Chicken chakna, chicken wantons (the sause is amazing) and the mojito pitcher (without soda).. try avoiding chicken crispy (you can only taste maida) and 'Take me up' cocktail (its like liquid paan masala sheesha flavored cough syrup).. I feel its a good place for the older generation (according to the ambience)
Rated I've seen this place go from affordable to pseudo-classy over a decade. Used to like it, but not anymore. The beer is almost always flat. I doubt they even have a proper tap. The waiters are sort of retarded. They'll get the wrong order and argue with you about what you originally ordered, and this has happened more than once. As far as the prices go, I think they raise 10 bucks every month on every dish, cuz it gets more and more expensive after every visit. Well, on the bright side, the chilli chicken, lollypop gravy, chinese chakna and chilli fries are great. Damages will be 3000 for two. You can safely skip this one.
Rated I have been a customer of this restaurant from past more than 15 years!!! Yes you read me right… 15years!!! Used to be shady joint when I started and the owners revamped this place completely somewhere around 2005 and since then this place has been one of my favorite joint. This current look is “version3” of this restaurant although personally njoyed the “vesrion2”look. The Bollywood/Hollywood personality images and the outside seating area was just awesome. Had many “Cherished Moments” during that time. The food served here is undoubtedly simply scrumptious!!! Definitely not in a league of the mainland china or china bistro when it comes to authentic oriental cuisine, but definitely one of the best amongst the rest of the local Chinese joints. Chicken babycorn mushroom, chicken 65, Yong Chow, Ying Yang Rice are my favorites!!! Keep up the great work guys!!! You people rocks!!! Sj’s ratings: Food: 4.5 Ambiance : 4.0 Service : 3.5 Overall : 4.00
Rated Open house is a cozy little place at Shivaji Park, Dadar. It's got a wonderfully positive vibe. Food is okayish. Ambience is great. Crowd is also good. Slightly heavy on the pocket. But definitely a worth a one time visit.
Rated A cool place to hang out, Open House is quite unassumng in a way. Whch is why, one mght hve a problm findng it. Parkng is also a bit of an issue, but once inside, you'll soon feel at home. Tht's also bcos it stocks a few board games too. Cool decor wth quirky mssgs popping at you frm diff corners, this place has amazing food. I've been frequentng it for a few yrs now and the taste is consistent. Evn tday, we had a lovely brunch. Startng wth 2+1 offer on drinks, we had the fish kashundi (fried basa blended perfectly wth mustard sauce) and gharguti (home style in marathi) fried prawns wth wasabi mayo dip (read awesome). And then topped it up wth goan chorizo and paav. There was no room in the tummy for dessert, but hey, who wants to hve it all at one go ;-) Visit you must, the house is open. Service: 4/5, vfm: 3.5/5, ambience: 4.5/5.
Rated The perfect place to hang out with friends, with good food and drinks. The karaoke night is what I love about this place. It's crazy and super fun!
Rated I guess the only good place in this area with cheap alcohol and variety of good food, specially continental food. Open house is like a house for every student living in dadar 😂 You get good crowd, music, ambience, food and good range of alcohol too. I really like their 'honey chilli pork chops' I'm sure you will have an awesome time here.
Rated Recently went there with couple of my frnds. Bang opposite Shivaji Park. So location is a plus. Food tastes well, and ambiance is also good. Gives a feeling of American bars like the one they show in TV series and Romcoms. Music was also good. Having said that, a bit cramped up place. Service was good.
Rated Good place to chill with friends. Been there on friday evening., not much rush good tasty food with not so much variety. Good offers on drinks. Gud place for group of 5-6 people. Overall nice...
Rated Went in with pretty high expectations, came out running! Probably the worst snacks I've had in quite a long time. But then all was not bad- the music was good, people shouting on karaoke night was fun, salted peanuts were great and Chris Gayle batted exceptionally well!
Rated If only waiters didn't judge you! I went to this place after work! ( I know who works on a Saturday?? I do :/ ) I wasn't dressed up! I don't know if there's supposed to be some mandatory 'cool clothes code' for this place! The waiter gave me skeptical looks as me and my friend went over and settled onto a table! When I ordered for 'pork honey chilly spare ribs', the first thing he did was give me another look and told me it is sweet (yeah, I read honey in the name) but I let go, maybe he was just making sure I knew! Then he went on to tell me, they would be ribs with bone! Hm...that's how you serve ribs! And then the intelligent fellow told me it is pork!! It is sad, how judgemental people are about appearances! Food is good, nothing to criticise, but not extraordinary either! Maybe, if I would've been treated well, I would've tried something else from their menu again! But I don't think I would!
Rated Considering the number of times I've passed this place and not at all being curious about it with the general questions like how it is, or what do you get here, is it any good, should I look it up on Zomato. And I don't think I would have tried it had if not been for a some friends of mine to land up and there and call me to meet them. The place is located on caddle road and can be missed if you don't keep a look for it. The cafe has been made to attract college students probably from Kirti College. Divided into 2 floors, has a big screen, beer on tap and 90'S English music which gives if that college hangout feel. Can try the whiskey sour here. Didn't enjoy the food though. Tried the chicken burger which was average. So was the chicken skewers in lemon and garlic. We also ordered a chicken curry with rice. The curry was spicy and worth trying once. I'm assuming the daily happy hours is what attracts students here so give it a try doing the happy hour time :)
Rated Our routine hangout place and one of the only less crowded and over the top cafe in the area. Love their naans which are served with different herbs and is a great snack bite. Also their gun powder French fries, paprika tossed button mushrooms and wok wantings are good. They screen the match and has a good American styled pub ambience. The main course menu is strictly average but that's not something they boast of too. Presents a good chilled out option to hang out with friends
Rated Serves Thai food. But some of the dishes from Thai missing. However the chef was kind enough to cook for us the dishes we wanted. Kapao Kai is a traditional chicken dish which the chef cooked off the menu and was really good. The Thai omelette was also tasty. On the menu we had ordered Tom yum soup which was tasty. The noodles being made of wheat were good to eat. Overall hospitality was really nice. Would love to visit again.
Rated A very good friend suggested this place as it was close to her office. Nice small decent place for Thai food. We ordered chicken broccoli in oyster sauce which was excellent. They have a nice cucumber onion salad on the table very yummy. Wanted a light meal so we ordered phad Thai veg noodles which was amazing and lip smacking. I love the tangyness of the spices and the crunchiness of the peanuts. Plz do visit his cute place for Thai food.
Rated If you want to enjoy some of the geniune thai dishes this place is a go! Thai red curry was a hit with pad Thai phak. Som tam (papaya salad) can be skipped. Kiyoo khoob was a bit too oily with seeping oil.Pla naeng manao(steamed fish) kaeng phed pap (crab meat) was well made adjusted to our less spice levels. Overall it was a decent taste bud experience for Thai cuisine. Ambience : 4.3 Food : 4 Hygiene : 4.5 Service : 4 Location : 4
Rated One of the nest Thai curry I ever had...loved the food ..the ambience ..the service. Adequately priced for the quality of good it offers. We were well taken care of by the staff and serving time was minimal. Overall would go again anytime :)
Rated I have been to this place many times. Other than its premium ambiance and authentic thai taste, its proximity to dadar chowpati (only 100 meters) makes it a preferable option because after eating, no-one would miss a chance of going for a walk on beach side and enjoy the breeze on the face. :) I am big fan of their PRAWNS RED THAI CURRY & STEAM RICE. Yes, they are little expensive or i am comparatively poor :P for this place but going and eating at this place is always worth it. Their staff is highly attentive and polite and takes care of even the nuances very very well. I have not been to thailand so i can't compare it with the basics but i found them serving the best taste out of all the places i tried Thai food in Mumbai and Pune as of today. I also like the sauces they serve on the table by the side of dishes, typically they serve one sweet sauce, one spicy garlic sauce and third cucumber dipped in garlic i guess (please correct me in comments if anyone knows exact name of it). With these sauces, you can add little variations to the every bite you have. I love them a lot. My favorite is is their SPICY GARLIC SAUCE. Other things i had here is Fish green and red curry with steam rice, Spicy stir fried prawns. They were good too. I recommend to have any of their RED THAI curry item. And if you want to order prawns, for the best experience just ask them if they can use fresh prawns instead of frozen prawns and they do take care of that. They never went wrong in taste with me but i still take the precautions of telling my specifications for the best possible experience. I rate them as follows out of 5 with 5 being the best Accessibility(5), Ambiance (5), Freshness and cleanliness (5), Service (5), Food quantity (5), Food quality/taste (5), Variety(5), Billing speed (4)
Rated A lovely place to experience some authentic/lemon grassy Thai food... we ordered the Crab soup and the chicken salad.. Both released a blast of flavours into the pallete and left a tinkering taste on our tongue!Thai lovers, a place to try out!
Rated Food is Fantastic! Tried the variety of Pork, Chicken and SeaFood. But what is missed on the menu is the Sticky Rice and jasmine rice and that can be relished best with Thai Curries.
Rated How do I put it ? A simply awesome experience. When we entered the restaurant, we were greeted by waft of fresh spicy fragrance of Lemon grass. We were welcomed and led to our table by a gentleman and made comfortable at a table of our choice . Although it's bang on cadel road, once inside the restaurant you do not feel the traffic flowing by outside. The ambience is pretty decent with a pleasant decor gives a feel of sitting in an eatery in South Asia. Tables and chairs are at as respectable distance as may be possible given space crunch in Mumbai. The restaurant has an impressive wine collection. However I opted for a beer. We ordered Thai prawns in some sauce as starters. The name is unpronounceable but the taste was awesome. The prawns were fresh and we're made just perfect. The quality of the food is exceptional and tickles your taste buds with Thai spices. The captain recommended a chicken and prawns Thai rice and we ordered Thai fish curry (red) . The fried rice was just superb and the Thai fish curry went well with it. Quantity, we felt was a little less so we ordered another rice to polish off the spicy curry. The price is a bit on the expensive side but I felt it's value for money. The overall food experience is worth the wok. Worth second third fourth... X th visit .....
Rated Date : 19 Dec 2015 @ 8.30 PM This place is a few minutes away from my place for almost 15 years and it looks me exactly those many years to be there for dinner. Better late than never. Had a very good table reserved for us where the waitstaff was attentive , the ambience just perfect and the music just at the right volume level. Once we settled down at our table started digging into the menus. Was pretty easy to decide on the drinks and the Mocktails. They have a well stocked wine cellar so if you are interested in Wines you have a good choices. One Mocktail I would recommend is Kiwi Kooler. This is a good option is you like the Kiwi fruit taste. The starters were good , with a tangy taste and what stood out is the YAM KAI [Tangy Chicken Salad] - a must have. Had the classic steam rice with red gravy thai curry. The serving sizes is good and so check on that when ordering. The food is not 'authentic' Thai but is tweeked for the Indian taste buds. In summary : - the waitstaff is trained to know about the food they serve, so they should be happy to give you an answer - The bill does not have a Service charge so tip the waitstaff if you wish to :) - they do not have valet parking Food - 3.5/5.0 Ambience - 4.0/5.0 Service : 3.5/5.0
Rated Had been here last weekend .....we ordered a truffle .... Well I must say the cake was fantastic and surely up to the mark !! Will be visiting again, Since had less time try other items.
Rated I personally love the cakes and pastries here. Light, fluffy, perfectly creamed and fresh. Do try the chocolate cake and pastries. Great little box of sweetness.
Rated Date : 17 Jan 2016 @ 11.30 AM Was driving around this lazy Sunday morning and decided to visit this place. Another reason was that saw fresh trays of cakes being carted into the place. The best time to visit a cake shop is around 11 AM in the morning as this is when freshly baked products reach and you get to pick fresh preperations. True for all cake shops I would say. Found the place to be neat. Does not have a dine in area apart from a small bench and couple of chairs in the foyer. It is more of a take away place. Lot of varieties of candy and cakes to choose from. Picked a few pastries 'to-go'. The pastries were sort of ok for the price but not the 'top-class' fluffy feel one gets in some of the high end new age cake shops. But then one spends top bucks there too. All in all a reasonable place for a quick bite if your sweet tooth craving takes the better of you, but I have been to better places.
Rated I dont like the cakes from this place much...but the chocolate Napoleon cake is vry yummy....vry soft creamy...it just melts in ur mouth....
Rated Was so excited to try hangout but it didnt stand up to my expectations...had chocolate hazelnut pastry...i felt they could enchance the taste of hazelnut more..it was top by not half but a quarter Ferrero Rocher...Please don't put it this much also...next we tried a rainbow one..it looked very attractive but taste was not so good..people who don't prefer more cream based pastry can try this...last we had tiramisu..totally awful...it tasted so sour...n when we said the counter person he said "MADAM YEH TOH AISA HI HOTA HAI. KHATTA HAI KYUKI DAHI HAI USMEIN"...like seriously...thankfully he didn't add it in the bill... Obviously not coming back here
Rated It's got a very good variety and different priced cakes. The cakes and all baked items are very affordable. I had picked up a chocolate Dutch truffle sort of cake and it was well priced as well as nice to taste. The sponge of the cake wasn't dry and it was one of the good cakes tasted in this price range.
Rated Their Brownies are really tasty and fresh each time. We always get our Brownies for Sizzling Brownies from here. They have a good variety and beautiful cakes. The place is beautifully done and the people are really helpful.
Rated This shop is situated in shivaji park really good place to by pastries from most of the time I order cake from here my favorite here and it is one of their signature cake is choco napolean cake really nice this place has quick service and very helpful ppl working here
Rated A cute little irani café. The service is extremely slow, but is worth the wait. The food is delicious! It's the same place where Sachin Tendulkar gave his first interview (and they proudly display this on their menu). The prices are pocket friendly. I wanted to try a lot of things but most of them were not available!
Rated Liked this place a lot. A pukka Parsi joint very near to Shivaji Park with the typical bun maska, kheema pav and old chairs and tables - the menu as well as the ambience are perfect. The food is budget too. The berry pulao is a must try. Caramel custard is also yummy.
Rated One of the most underrated places in dadar. The burjee pav and the kheema pav has that typical dhaba style taste, pav served with lot is butter. Very good and prompt service. Their cutting chai is very famous. Chicken tandoori is very tasty and the green chutney served is nice and spicy. The place doesn't look attractive at all, but the food is brilliant!
Rated As the name suggest.. Light of Bharat Aka Irani Cafe. This place has just completed 75 years of existence of taste. Famous for their Keema Pav. However, for me this place is a 'Chai Chuski' point 😁. Special Chai is really so Special and add this to Bun Maska 👌🏼 Brun Maska..😋. Kitna maska maarte hai ye log 😛😜. Being Run by a cool Uncle and his son. Having a word with then over the Counter is also an add on to this outlet 😉😉.
Rated The place which is so close to my heart!!!! Used to get free chocolates when I was kid from Mr. Mohammed Jawed and now my kid gets the same from him. Food served here is typical Irani restaurant food - made by heart. Managed by Reza the 3rd gen owner of this place tries new dishes every now and then. Have a word with him and you'll fall in love with his never say die attitude. The brun maska, pani kam, kheema pav can not be replaced. The new additions tandoori chicken and kabab's are pretty decent compared with the prices. Keep up the good work... and stay the same!!!
Rated My first venture to this place was an amazing experience, early morning tea with broon maska and keema have my day a beautiful start. My second visit however was one filled with disappointment, with a number of dishes not available. This might be due to the difference in time of visit, considering the second visit was in the evening. However this is definitely a place one should visit with it typically irani feel, the beautiful sulaimani tea and the history of the place .
Rated Another Irani Cafe to explore, had the mutton salli kheema, mutton kheema which were average, chicken tikka, paneer chilly, kebab pav,irani chai, chicken cheese butter paratha, caramel custard. Outta which the paratha, paneer chilly and kebab pav r amazing. Kebab pav is also deliciously spicy adding up to it. Caramel custard is super. Irani chai is nice and has a distinct flavour which dint go well with me. Overall a good place to eat when hungry and not to spend too much as well.
Rated A typical Irani cafe with dinghy lights, weird fizzy drinks and ruffled tables but as always the case, mind blowing food well until a year back. This place was a favourite but they seem to have lost the quality of their food be it with their signature lasooni chicken or akoori bhurji. It's worth a visit for old times sake but I wouldnt bet my money on the food. Fine dining freaks (in a good sense, it has its perks) don't bother going here unless you want a friendly cat jumping from under your table. Must say the owner is a nice jovial chap as is with Irani cafes everywhere.
Rated Lost its charm!!! Used to be fantastic joint for chinese food lovers. But these days its more like a chinese food made on street served in a restaurant. The ambiance is good with decor made with bamboo but the food quality has gone down a lot!!!
Rated Looking at the interiors I thought of trying chinese food. Dint like it no vlaue for money and your taste buds the location is good and interiors.
Rated Chinese garden...u will love the ambience of this chinese joint...something different...nice place...prices are relatively high...but still one can afford...for two person bill will be around 650 to 750...
Rated I agree the food is not up to the mark but it's also not very bad. The Chicken Manchow soup wasn't really Chinese as it had chopped cabbage and shredded chicken which was slightly smelling but it was OK. Next, I tried the Chicken Triple Schezwan Rice, which was white in colour with some gravy over it and an omelette on that. The Taste wasn't very bad but guys taking the order here are a little slow. You need to nicely explain ur order to them twice. I asked for Schezwan rice, which didn't look like what I asked for. Over all, the set up is cute and it's more of a roadside joint... so do not expect authentic chinese here. I would recommend this as a budget place. My bill was Rs 370 for 1 Chicken Manchow Soup and Chicken Triple Schezwan Rice. Portions are decent. Enough for 2 people
Rated A pocket friendly place. Seemed like local roadside chinese served under a roof. The staff took a too long to take the order and the quantity was ok. The place isnt as good as it looks while passing by.
Rated Have been here quite a few times, not particularly for the food though. FOOD – 2/5 As you glance through the menu, you see a variety of offerings. But sadly, they fall short on availability. On numerous occasions we have been told that a particular prawn dish was unavailable that day. So what you actually order is at the mercy of what produce they have on hand. Food is alright overall and will easily enter the below average category with the wrong order. Moving on to quality of preparation: The clear soups are a disaster not so much for the taste itself, but for ‘sabut (whole) sabzi disorder’ they suffer from - huge chunks of carelessly cut veggies which are a total put-off. Starters are fine and one might actually like some safe choices. Veg/Paneer/Chicken Crispy are decent. Ordered Paneer Pakoda (has a Chinese-y coating and served with schezwan sauce) which was actually good! As far as main course is concerned, especially noodles, the above disorder appears again; they clearly lack an understanding as to how shabbily cut veggies do nothing to the taste and spoil the eating experience. A word of caution: Food could be spicy for some, given the generous use of ginger-garlic in their preparations. And don't come in expecting the use of best quality oil. SERVICE – 3/5. Staff is well-informed on the menu and will guide you well in case any of the names happen to confuse you. They are smiling and affable. VFM – 3/5. Reasonably priced. AMBIENCE – 3.5/5. This is their USP - casual, friendly, warm atmosphere. Their kitchen is in the middle with a front section (4 tables) and a back section (10-12 tables approx). While the front section has a shack-like appearance (this is what you see from outside), the back section is more like a dhaba with functional, rustic, bright, orange-coloured furniture. There is television inside which plays movies (from hindi-dubbed Hollywood superhero movies and Tollywood films to our very own Bollywood films) and cricket matches usually. Atmosphere stands out here. So come not for the food, but just to sit, chat, relax and have some hard-core Indian-ized Chinese food along the way, if you may.
Rated This Chinese restaurant in a prime location does not take advantage of it to serve great food but has mediocre food which is easy on the pocket but not too great on the taste front. Wish it would improve on the food.
Rated Can't say it is the good one but not that bad too reasonable Pricing but keep this place in last options no that great wanna try really good food Chinese on these Chinese stall please go to Ching ki shack near Canossa school very good food served u there upto the mark
Rated A very casual place..popular among youngsters..where you can sit back and relax..hav chinese food watch tv n enjoy with friends.. Chicken lollipos served here contain real chicken..and not jus chicken skin.. Besides..you will find a good quantity of food served.. The ambience is unusual..you hav wooden sittings..and entrance indeed gives d feel of a chinese garden..
Rated I always stayed away from this place as i felt it would be too heavy on my pocket. Went there for lunch. Ambience - really nice, comfortable seating and great music. I loved the fact that they had hand sanitizer on all the tables Food - well don't think they serve much British food. Ordered shepherds pie, though it was good and filling, i felt it was indianised. Ordered a chicken skewer - it looked good with a very generous serving size. The chicken served could have been more tender Beverages - the beers are on the expensive side, so went for the beer of the day - which i belive would be the cheapest on that day. Ordered a virgin pina colada and it was up to the mark The only differentiating facotor this place has compared to others who severe similar food is the ambience. It would have been better had the pricing been a tad bit on the lower side or if they have some really unique dishes. I might be being a little generous with the 3.5 rating. The place is definitely worth visiting.
Rated Despite all the discussions and pre planning, if we are at Oberoi Mall, and we plan to unwind, we perenially end up at this place. The frequency of visiting this place is so high that i was astonished to figure that i havent written anything about this place yet! Although a lot of new outlet has opened up in the mall now, earlier this used to be the only place to drink and unwind. The food menu is although not expansive, but good enough. The bar is well stocked. And the mood and music is great. Service is brilliant and attentive. Slight hitch is not getting a place here to sit, as after a hard day's work, its tiring to stand and have a drink! Guess its age, or i am overworked! The long queue of patrons waiting outside, says it all about the popularity of this ever buzzing outlet!
Rated This is one place where i really love to go. BBC , its becoming a Brand Slowly and steadily .. My first Visit to BBC Goregaon - Ambience fantastic Service just about perfect and food - good . Unfortunately they do not have Happy Hours and Beers have been priced a bit on a higher side . They may have competition in the coming couple of months as Social Opens Bang opp to where they are now .. Anyway's that then , for now they are calling the shots . Had some Beers and the Masala Peanut which always goes well with a drink . Made perfect. Tangy/Spicy and just what i need. The Chicken Biryani was awesome - served with some Raita , nice aroma cooked perfectly . Would love to visit this place again for the sheer ambience which is so very different ... Loved the Hugh Barrels which they have made use of ( be it for cabins / lighting ) Open Kitchen - looks interesting . No complaints from my end ... You guys rock .. Enjoy and Cheers .. RECOMMEND SURELY : PS. They also have a JAIN menu .. prithvishashar.wordpress.com
Rated This is boon in much neglected suburb of Mumbai. If you dread to cross from east to west of Goregaon... This place is the saving grace. BBC has monopolised this area...if I have to say, to the extent! Nevertheless, location is brilliant...decent food. Their non veg platter is good. Shepherds pie is not too bad... I'd b happy, if they work on their "so called" beef burger. Nachos is average. Music is cold, that keeps a lot of young crowd away from this place. A good dj will surely help pull much younger crowd. Drinks are expensive... But because of its location it attracts most of nearby office crowd to this place... A lot of scope for improvement! Not too bad!
Rated Review of dinner on 25th March 2016 - Love the music they play out here. Very lively and peppy on a Friday night. The bartender needs to learn how to rustle up his cocktails though! The mojito i ordered was a disaster!!! May be with a name like British Brewing Company I should have stuck to a beer! On the other hand the starters were delicious - Very good non veg kebab platter and butterfly prawns. The Thai green curry among the mains had the right flavours. The desserts - cheese cake and caramel custard - were average. The damage to the pocket for 3 small Bacardis, 2 small Black & White whiskies, 1 Mojito and the food mentioned above = ₹3800. Certainly VFM!
Rated Rating a 3.5 cause this place has space issues. Though being a centrally air conditioned restaurant, it literally gets HOT in there. The issue is cause, the place needs better space management. Now to get to the foods, the food here is good enough. Nothing that will make people to visit just for it. Presentation of food needs to be worked on. This place is definitely a must try for people who are into Beers, they have a good selection and definitely worth a try. I will recommend it only for the Beer.
Rated Great place for beers and food too... Been here on a Friday night.. Half an hour waiting... So be prepared for that... But once you're in the decor and ambience is really cool... I loved it... Amazing music... Great variety of beers and drinks... Had some beer... Sangria... A mocktail and a chocolate shake... All were fantastic!! Coming to the food... We ordered the cottage cheese skewers which were really yum.. I loved the flavoursome sauce and the good amount of veggies and rice served with it... Almost like a sizzler!! Must try!! Next we had the veg shepherd's pie which was pretty good too... Almost like a lasagna but without the pasta!! For dessert we had the mud pie and the Philadelphia cheesecake... I liked the former much better.. The cheesecake was just way too heavy for my stomach... A little expensive this place might be and more so for drinks... One thing I would suggest is to improve a little on their service as the waiter was a little confused with our orders and also about the offers on drinks.. But overall a must visit... I wanna try more variety of beers and the burgers the next time I'm here!! Which I'm surely gonna be real soon!!
Rated Warm welcome and people to help you .. You do have good staff. I liked the idea of giving an I pad and technology for placing an order you save paper too !! Lovely.. We had sat in the made up barrel and it was soo nice a perfect place for the girlies to gossip ! We ordered for alot of things but your chef took my heart away cause of pesstochicken pasta ! AMAZING ... YUMMMM 1- Pesto chicken pasta - very very well made yumm will come for this again. 2- minced chicken bed with mashed potato - yet another amazing dish. Well done. 3- kiwi and peach drinks - good Health perspective - they have alot of salads , grilled chicken , paneer options what you can have . don't miss on the pesto. Chicken amazing it was . Rest I rate you 4.5 cause of the chef :)
Rated Large screen, Indian flags waving all around and crowd packed to full capacity for India V/s Pakistan World T20 match. We were let in despite huge waiting for a table, and asked to find a comfortable place for ourselves to stand. We ordered drinks (Usually BBC doesn't have offers, but they had a T20 special) and some Nachos and Hummus Pita as starter (awesome and economical food). We got a seat well into the second innings and we moved on to order main course. Hakka noodles and Fettuccine pasta in basil pesto sauce. Food was cooked to perfection and served on time despite the fact that it as well past 11 in the night. The bartenders and serving staff led on the crowd to cheer for India by whistling and capturing the moments. Certainly worth visiting for any big game if you like the crowd and cheering!!
Rated "Bbc" my fav. Fav. Place in gorengaon!! Well starting wid it's accessibility it's easy to find as it's in d Oberoi mall !! Ambience is just waooo it's interior it's seating arrangements the big screen fr matches the bar area everything is fab! The oni prblm is tht at times its so crowded tht we need to wait fr long!! Coming to d food from drinks to starters to mains to desserts everything is just fab! ! Hv been there more than 10/20 times and still not bored wid d menu!! When the menu arrives on the ipad u definitely will get confused seeing the variety of drinks and food!! My favourites were the kebab platter the pizzas the spegagthi Chilli noodles etc etc.... Well I would just say pls guys visit dis place once! And believe me ul want to come again and again!!
Rated An amazing small place to hangout with friends. Yummy food, great ambience, super awesome staff and a memorable experience. We called for jalapeño cheese samosas, mac n cheese fries and waffles. All 3 were amazing and a must have. A must visit
Rated So I'm currently sitting at Tea Villa Cafe on Hill Road! Now i was drawn in by how pretty the place is. It is completely vegetarian but that didn't stop the potato scotch burger from being amazing! However, when the burger came to the table they didn't know what they were serving us and gave it to the wrong person! Who which then received his burger by the time the rest of us were done eating! Really don't appreciate that kind of a delay! The pizza was good and so was the sandwich but the one that threw my entire and whole experience off was my ice tea, when i was done with the whole drink i find at the bottom of my jar a piece of plastic! How disgusting is that! And after bringing it to their notice i was met by were so sorry! Gross I can't sat how many times i am shrugging! This means they either didn't clean the jar or blindly poured a really horrible drink in to the jar anyway..an iced tea is meant to have ice but mine was almost luke warm! We ordered for paprika fries and they came soaked and soggy in gravy maybe a little heads up from the staff would have been nice esp since you're expecting crip fries! All in all super disappointed with this place and can safely say I will never be returning! We had to keep asking for tissues as well! How can you run a restaurant without keeping or making sure all the essentials are placed consistently and not to say that they aren't well staffed! So WHATEVER!
Rated Being a fan of the tea villa in Vile Parle, just had to try this newly opened outlet. The concept is just like the one in Vile Parle but this place has an extended menu. I believe this has a much better, faster and attentive service than the one in Vile Parle. The ambience is really creative and pretty but it can get a little crowded, so something needs to be done about the seating. Tried out the usual masala chai and fresh lime juice, and they were alright. Hope to eat someday at this outlet.
Rated A striking black-n-green glass box makes this place hard to miss when you're on Hill Road. Step inside and you'll find a chilled out décor, certainly this place doesn't believe in one particular level for seating. There are comfy sofas, high bar stools, garden chairs all placed oddly next to each other. They have a separate menu for all kinds of tea, ranging anywhere from 200-1000 bucks a cup. Do not ignore the coffee though. We tried the triple layered berry coffee. It's weird but if you're not a fan of black coffee, you'll like it. Food was good, especially the Aglio e Olio pasta. Great use of herbs and not too oily. The chocolate loaded waffles were great! My friend kept calling it over-loaded :-D
Rated Food: 5/5 VFM: 3.5/5 Ambience: 4/5 Service: 2/5 I'd heard a lot about Tea Villa Cafe and specially the waffles there! Zomato reviews confirmed the awesomeness of the waffles. We showed up after dinner, just for that. The teas seemed tempting too but we were adamant about wanting waffles only, atleast this time. The ambience is nice - good furniture, well lit, lots of seating space, music, a huge tv, and lots of posters on the walls (many about zodiac signs). But the service. Oh, the service was not good at all. We waited for some time, but nobody came forward. It wasn't like all the servers were busy either. Some of them were just lazing and some were watching the big screen. Eventually we had to help ourselves to the menu. Then we had to place the order, and again we tried to attract their attention but in vain. We couldn't decide between the berry waffles or Nutella, but we decided to go with Nutella. Somehow, one of them turned up, probably accidentally. So at least we got to place the order. Then we had to wait and wait and wait. We asked for regular water. Now when we say that, we expect filtered water, but this water tasted off and we couldn't even drink much of it. Then eventually, the waffles turned up. They were superbly delicious! The Nutella and chocolate goodness was heavenly and so generous! Whatever the service may be like, the food was delicious. The waffles were served with a tiny bowl of Nutella + chocolate, for dipping. As if the amount on top wasn't enough but hey, do you hear anyone complaining? I thought not! Wonderfully warm, it was delectable and there wasn't a damn thing wrong with these. Full marks for food. The only thing is, the chocolate in the bowl hardened really quickly and there wasn't much dipping use for it. My friend ate it all with a spoon at the end. She was happy about it, but it doesn't really serve the purpose it was given for. Had to wait too long for the check as well. It's a good place, all in all, but they need to improve their service if they really want to make a mark and maintain their clientele. the-pretty-simple-life.blogspot.com
Rated To start with i must say its located at one of the most happening streets of bandra giving this place super brand visibility and the interiors tempt you to try this place. Had gone there on a sunday evening, place was full. We somehow managed to get a table, servers are ok not very interacting or giving suggestions on food, food took a long time to arrive but was tasty for sure so will give this place another try on a weekday.
Rated Went to this place by mistake but it turned out to be good. Its a pure vegetarian restaurant and I had no clue until we got our table after waiting for 15 min. But the experienced turned out to be good. It was peak time but the service was pretty good. We ordered garlic bread, soupy garlic dimsums, a veg burger and hummus platter. Dimsums the quantity and the taste was sumptuous. Burger was also delicious. Garlic bread kinda okay. The only disappointing thing was the hummus platter. Quantity not good. And the taste was okay not great. But I would recommended this place for a great decor and ambience. It's a nice place to hangout. Also for the tea lover and as the name suggests they have a huge menu just for different kind of tea's.
Rated Amidst the shopping extravaganza at Hill Road Bandra is this vibrant and lonely Tea Villa Cafe. What attracted me as I stepped inside was the ambience, and the fact that the staffs were busy throughout. Since tea is their speciality, I chose to order that first, and went on with a simple mango and strawberry fruit infused tea. Needless to say the aroma and taste felt like a detox in this melting heat. Next I ordered Mexican tortilla pizza which arrived a little late (Sunday, you see) but was delicious and perfect in presentation and taste, complimented with my next order, The cheesy nachos which was simple yet delicious. Triple berry Coffee was my simultaneous order and it was just as it should be; aromatic, soothing to the body and perfectly blended. My overall bill was ₹800 and this was after a long time that I was pretty satisfied with the balance of great service and food with the price. Must visit place for every tea lover.
Rated Whenever I wasn't happy of what was made for lunch at my maternal grandparents house in Bombay. Uncles and Aunts used to spoil me mad by getting Lucy's famed Biryani. My favorite used to be the Boneless Chicken or even the Boneless Mutton Biryani. Wow, seems like only yesterday but this was approximately 25 years back...!!!!! Being 5 minutes from our place was an added advantage. Sadly, the branch in Dubai, although cleaner and posher isn't near as good as the original outlet in Bombay. Thanks Lucky! --A drop of ink may make a million think. @AyaashPaw pawanmanghnani.com
Rated Among the very few places in Mumbai were you get good north indian/mughlai food. Service can be a big issue if going on a weekend or busy evenings. But great food with decent ambience.
Rated Lucky is known for Biryan iall over Mumbai. They've opened cpl of other branches across the town too. The ambiance is not very great. It's quite an old restaurant n hasn't changed much with time. The biryani these days is good but it was much better until a few years back. Since it's a legendary restaurant in Bandra you must visit once n decide for urself how's the Biryani here.
Rated Lucky Jayoo Biryani Khaao Thats what you need to do when you come to lucky. Situated at the S V road junction near Bandra Station, Lucky Restaurant is a landmark place in Bandra. The Garden Cafe is very pleasing to sit and have tea and chat with a friend. The AC section is a comfortable family place. I ordered Brain Masala. It was made well but was a little oily. Grilled starters in chicken is a better option. But dont miss the biryani and caramel custard in the end. anahitairani200.wordpress.com
Rated Lucky is well know for its Biryani but over the years the quality has gone down. It is very oil now though the flavours are good. Being popular, this place is definitely a bit more expensive than other places.
Rated My first online order on Zomato and the experience even before tasting the food is sour. The delivery time estimated was 12:13 PM and within 5 minutes of ordering the food, the order was displayed "ENROUTE" but the restaurant owner told that order will be late by nearly 45 minutes which is definitely a major disconnect between the information on ZOMATO and the actuals. Coming to food: Quantity and taste was good. Just the service time needs improvement, besides which the place is recommended
Rated Cheap and low on quality, but the taste is always good. A good place to try once in a while... and keep those Pudin Hara handy. Biryani is recommended and some of the other dishes are hit and miss, but ordering in is the best for chicken biryani.
Rated Went to Lucky after many years. Have had Biriyani when it used to cost Rs. 75 and not it is Rs. 240! The ambience hasn't changed one bit. All the food looks so appetising and want to eat everything, but settled on the Mutton and Chicken Biriyani. Must say that the taste isn't the same as olden times. The zing of the yoghurt somehow doesn't kick in. The pieces of mutton and chicken are excellent, however, they don't taste as good as it did in earlier times. Not that it is bad at all, but for someone who had many a biriyanis there, it was a tad disappointing.
Rated This place is well known for all bandra-ites. It serves well cooked and delicious non vegetarian food. The biryanis and kebabs are must try. And it's light on the pockets too.
Rated I need not mention how famous this place is for their biryanis. Few days back I had gone here with a huge pack of friends. We were 16 of us and luckily they had a section empty that goes out from their main dine-in area. We ordered 2 kg of chicken biryani which was fairly enough for all of us. The biryani tasted really good and we did not have to wait for long. Overall this place is really good for biryanis and other food of the North Indian genre.
Rated A small food joint located in the lanes of Carter Road, the seating area is small and tends to get crowded in the late evening. They play good music. What we ordered- Minty Pepper Chicken Dimsum- Dimsum with stuffing of pepper chicken, the mint and pepper in this dish is in perfect quantity as it does not overpower but definitely enhances the taste. Served along with the Schezwan dip, if you are looking to spice up the dish, this dip is amazing for that. Sizzling All Spice Sauce in Seasoned Paneer Wok- We wanted a wok which was spicy so the staff made us taste a few sauces and we liked this the most. This sauce combined with the rice and vegetables was full of flavors and was not extremely spicy but just the right amount. Black Pepper Sauce in Seasoned Paneer Wok- Another sauce belonging in the spicy category, again well-cooked, full of flavors, we picked a combo with this one and hence got a coke and two vegetarian assorted dimsums along with the wok. If asked to pick one we would suggest trying the Sizzling All Spice Sauce, which truly had a different flavor to it. Overall the place is a must try for all wok lovers, the only sad part about our experience was that the menu consisted dishes we wanted to try but were actually discontinued and also the server who was attending to us was kind of confused and not very well trained. The good part though is that they give a sample of any sauce one would like to try hence it makes selecting one easier. The food has improved a lot since my last visit here. The pricing is decent and competitive to the other places serving woks.
Rated avoid this restaurant. cant trust zomato rating. I had placed home delivery order. after 45 mins when I called up restaurant to enquire about delivery status of my order, they say sorry sir paneer stock was not good today so we cant deliver. they should have called when they took the order. I have wasted my time and mood was spoilt and appetite lost. complimentary food was delivered ......I offered to pay but same was refused by delivery boy. finally food delivered was not as per my order but nevertheless it was tasty and appreciated by all. I may give this restaurant chance again maybe. wont trust zomato rating.lesson learnt.
Rated Well I'm someone who goes to restaurants only after reading their zomato reviews... But this one time I felt zomato reviews have been misleading... Read so many amazing reviews about this place but was really underwhelmed by my experience... The first and the foremost thing is the service... You realise this is a new place and the staff is untrained... There was a lot of crowd here (I'm sure because of the reviews) and they just weren't prepared for it... We were seated after waiting for a few mins.. The ambience was okay... But it took a few calls to the waiters to even get a menu card in hand.... And turns out most of the items on the menu were not yet available as they are planning to start it soon... I don't understand why put it on the menu when u haven't started it yet?? Anyway... We were told we would get to try the sauces before ordering but after waiting for those trials for a long time we thought of just ordering something.... That is when the waiter came along with samples of four of the twelve sauces... We had an exotic veg wok with udon noodles and Asian and hot pepper sauce... Also tried a few dimsums and wantons.. These were okay but the wok was a big letdown.. It wasn't even mixed well... We had a few veggies and sauce on top and the noodles were at the bottom... When we got to the bottom there was no sauce at all... Also the taste was nothing out of the ordinary plus they had no seasonings or toppings with it unlike other such places... Also we asked for a medium wok but got the regular one... Which obviously we weren't aware was the regular one until we were charged for it... And when told the waiter only said no you ordered the regular one when we knew very well what we ordered... I personally have a huge problem with places having bad service... And this was one such example and the worse part it didn't even have better food to make up for it... Would definitely prefer other restaurants with similar theme and better food whenever I'm craving Asian... I hope they improve on their staff and service as also the food as without that it is impossible to have customers coming back to the restaurant .. Also need to improve on the management as I could see they are not yet equipped to deal with the weekend crowds... For now wouldn't recommend to anyone...
Rated Asian food in a box the concept is very much on these days, however in some places they don't maintain quality. Well with Emprino the case was very different the quality and quantity both were maintained. The staff was helpful and the taste was fab. I promised one of the restaurant owner that I will definitely review their All asian spice sauce. So here it goes if you really like spicy food (hell spicy) try this sauce and it will make you sweat like anything with an advantage of great flavor in you mouth. My asian fusion sauce was sweet and tangy and I would recommend this to all. Happy eating!!
Rated Been there yesterday for a quick lunch. It's a small yet satisfying place. Had to wait for 15-20 mins to get a table.. The food was worth the wait. Couldn't have asked for anything better. A takeaway or home delivery would be a better option as this place is always fully packed. I didn't click any pictures as I was super hungry. Next time maybe!?
Rated Been seeing this place at carter road for a while , thought of trying it and I don't regret it at all. There are two words to describe this place great and affordable. We ordered classic chicken dimsums, chicken meets dragon sauce , sweet chilli chicken in Asian fusion sauce and peach ice tea. The appetizer was the best it's a must have . The noodles were so perfect and the gravy was good too. The dimsums were silky on the outside and the taste was okay.Peach ice tea was also good. The place is small but great would definitely like to try some woks next time.
Rated I found the food really really good. Especially the Chicken and the Hakka Chicken. Surprisingly the place is not expensive at all. This place is super value for money. I personally would highly recommend. Next, I will be trying the rice preparations as well. Also - Btw, we run an app called PostEasy that you can use for your Social Media. It is completely free. You can replace your agency easily. Consider Downloading it.
Rated A Small, go-to Chinese place in the lane leading to Cater Road. The service is homely but the area gets cramped up sometimes. The Appetizers are decent. They have a good variety of sauces and the best part is, you get a tasting before placing the order. Even try mixing a few! Must try's- Chilli basil sauce and butter Garlic along a spicy one. The price is good for the food you eat, and no extra charges/taxes :)
Rated Emprino is a chinese lover place ..hangout with friendsss...price is not too high.and service is too good. we are ordered the classic chilly chicken. Good quantity and crunchy spicy chicken portions. Next the combo meal ordered. ..my tummy is full.
Rated Good for desi Chinese.. Nd non veg affairs.. The taste differs every time i have visited or ordered..3 rating for it...Best place for Late night dinner.. Late night refers to 4am dining..!! So.. 4 ratings... A place to take your friends... Would not prefer family...
Rated You can't ask for better fine dine which is cost effective too at #midnight do ask for a table on the first floor for better experience. The food served is of good quality and taste too. Staff is friendly and patient if you have a big noisy group 😛 Try the paneer kurchan as its their specialty and do not forget to mention the amount of spice you prefer. Being a #nighthogger I would recommend this place if you're out to eat #latenight
Rated This place is only good for the people staying nearby and who want to eat chinese late night they give late night service till 2am so guys enjoy here if u r looking for near by in east
Rated Went at 2.30 nite ,I believed the food would be not up to mark,but they proved me wrong ,paneer chilli was amazing ,soup too was good,ended with main course subji-roti & dal-rice ,in short " recommended "
Rated First of all really must say was impressed by the delivery time inspite it being 31st night...we had ordered chicken crispy, tandoori, chilly chicken and chicken lollipop...the usual starters...really loved the taste and quantity...the price is also okkish...overall would definitely order from here...
Rated Only had parcel from this place.It is famous for ordering Dal khichdi and Cheese naan and giving free home delivery uptil 3am.The Dal Khichdi was awesome and cheese naan was also good.
Rated Quick good food!Always a first choice for some quick chinese food. Nicely done interiors now, love it.Great place for family or friends, decent for the pocket.
Rated Good foood nd a better home delivery option during mid nights timess
Rated The place is ok. Not that great a place... Manchaw soup was ok... 7 on 10 Chicken hakka style dry was ok too 6.5 on 10 Chicken schewan rice was hopeless... 3 on 10 Had heard alot about the Chinese of this place... Only the soup was worth trying...
Rated Authentic Chinese taste!! Visited multiple times. Place is bit small not suitable for parties, but if you want to satiate your cravings for Chinese delicacies this place is worth a try. #Happyeating
Rated Osam food must try once momos, chicken crispy and cd specials noodles and rice.all foods quality and quantity is very well.one one authentic Chinese place available in borivali
Rated The best place in Mumbai for Chicken momo. They are just heavenly. You can have 2-3 plates at once. The outlet is a small one but the food is really nice Must try: Chicken momo, Chicken manchow soup, Chicken crispy, and China Delicacy special chicken noodles
Rated They definitely serve the best chopper rice in Borivali.. Its always seen that sometime the taste differs from time to time,have been ordering chopper rice , hakka noodles and chicken crispy. the taste and quantity is wholesome. ps- the rating is based on selected dishes nly :)
Rated I have ordered parcel here a couple of times, to pick it on my way to my sis place at borivili, whenever she asks me to get Chinese food when I visit her! It's always been the usual of Hakka noodles, veg Manchurian gravy and babycorn chilli dry! I always ask them to make the babycorn chilli less spicy, and everytime they end up making it extra spicy!.. The food portions are quite sufficient.. However, for the kind of the outlet this is and being in borivili, I think it could have been cheaper! A regular Chinese place.. Nothing outstanding..
Rated Very Tasty Food. Good Quantity. Please try the Chicken Thai Rice. with great exotic vegetables like broccoli, baby corn and others.Would recommend to visit for a satisfying experience
Rated Exactly opposite Nancy colony bus station. A nice comfy restaurant. Nice menu and tasty food. Sea food speciality. Must visit restaurant in Borivali east.
Rated To start with let me tell u what we had : Manchow soup Chicken Crunchy Bombil thali Tisrya sukha And chicken Nijami... Chkn nijami, soup and Crunchy was good.. Sukha was bit spicy nd from thali bombil fry was much oily.. But above all this I would like to mention about services specially... To bring soup they nearly took 45 min... Crunchy was a starter.. But I guess they don't know the meaning of starter.. They bought it with main course only... And same thing happened to the next table..otherwise they recently changed there ambiance which is good and which I think attracting people as of now... Would suggest to a friend.. But don't keep much expectations..
Rated Nice ambience.... Food is very delicious and very tasty.... Outside wooden seating is very nice and decorative... Very clean and neatly maintained.... Staff is also very courteous and polite.... Overall awesum restaurant....
Rated I suggest people to check out namaskar again.. It is something complete different.. Have a look .. You'll love it 😁... Between the past few months.. The face of this restraunt has changed drastically.. And so has its management.. Have a look is all I say
Rated They've reopened restaurant with a cool interior design. But food quality is not good as it used to be. We went there 2-3 days ago, and ordered Chicken Lung Fung Soup. We wait for 25 mins for a soup!! And the funny thing is, when soup was served, there were no chicken pieces!! As we told them there is no chicken in this soup, he gave us a bowl of cooked chicken pieces. And the taste of the soup was not good. It was too spicy.
Rated This place was once a small enterprise, little more ambitious than what a khanaval would have been, serving homecooked like- malvani thali as well as some basic Chinese & North Indian food. But since the last 10-12 years the taste of the malvani food has consistently changed with every cook they have had. Yet it was a decent place for some Chinese soup and starters with friends only till a few years back.. I had recently been there and could only taste some half cooked ginger garlic(coarsely chopped) in the soup and the starter.. We order their signature hot and sour soup which is red in colour unlike the regular soy laced black and some starter.. The soup was extremely mediocre with loads of cornflour for thickening. The chicken starter we figured out was nothing but a ball of cornflour deep fried and tosses with ginger garlic and chilli.. The food is certainly not worth the price you pay, with the place not air-conditioned, most of the seating is on the footpath(covered) and with the bus depot on the opposite side of the road, its noisy and dusty. Well for malvani food, u cant try if the new cook worth a buck
Rated Must try for fish lovers. If you like pangat, you'd love namaskar. Its practically the same preparation, and its much more affordable. Things you should order: prawns fry, stuffed bombil, solkadi. The rest of the food is pretty decent, and the service is quick.
Rated Surbhi is famous for it's samosa and samosa chaats , If u love chaats samosa this is the place for you.... Surbhi's Samosa CHAAT is the ultimate treat for your taste buds. A must try , Even while writing this review i am drooling just thinking of samosa chaat :P :D
Rated This food corner has almost all street food options . they even serve tea ! the only thing they don't serve as of now is south Indian food . so I have tried their lassi 5/5, samosa chole 3/5,veg sandwich 5/5,vada pav 4/5,sabu Dana wada 5/5,dahi kachori 4/5,dhokla 3/5, soda 4/5malai sandwich 4/5,malai cham cham (almost same as malai sandwich) 4/5,special malai sandwich 4/5,ras gulla 5/5,rose sandwich 2/5. The rose sandwich was not fresh ..but the staff is friendly. 👍they replaced it with a fresh one.
Rated Greetings! Recently I've been travelling from Thane to Borivali via Ghodbunder Road by bus. The bus drops me off right in front of this outlet of Surbhi Sweets and I eventually go in to try something. Location: It is bang just outside Borivali railway station on the eastern side. Even if you manage to not spot it, the continuous audio-advertisement will pull you in. Ambiance: It's a hustling place; perfect for a chaat & sweets shop. The place is brightly lit even in daylight. Hygiene is maintained properly. Although there's no place to sit, you can comfortably stand inside and enjoy you treat. Food: In a word "mouth-watering". I have tried many of their items and all have been delicious. The most I like is their Samosa Chaat & Dahi Puri. They use Rawa Puri for all Puri preparations which don't get soggy when chutneys/dahi are put in them. Their Kesar Lassi is also yummy. Obviously they also have live counters for Vada Pav, Samosa and various Bhajiyas which are all lip-smacking in taste. Also a Soda counter is attached just in case you need to cool off. The sweets are something I haven't tried, but they'll be great. So go there and get anything and everything. Service: Like most Chaat and Sweet shops, Surbhi also has a 'pay first and take coupon' system, which works well. The staff is prompt and each one works with gloves on, maintaining hygiene. Very satisfied but sometimes the crowd slows them down for which you can't blame anyone. Cost: Such places can't afford to be expensive and this place is definitely not expensive. Very reasonable rates at Surbhi for its quality dishes. Overall: A must visit when nearby where the foodie in you will be happier than ever. Recommendations: Samosa Chaat, Dahi Puri, Lassi, Kachori, Paneer-Corn Roll and many more. If you find this review helpful, hit like and check out the pics I've uploaded earlier if you've got some foodie time ;)
Rated Decent looking place,, sweets & snacks available.... Yummmyyy looking samosas or mouth - watering lassi options... Even the sweets also looks & taste yummy
Rated It is a normal snack shop... But the reason why you are attracted towards it is its cassette of advertisements playing throughout the day "Surbhi ka vada pav, garam garam vada pav" and this type of announcements.. It is actually catchy in the beginning. But as u stanf there and eat one of the most delicious vada pav or samosa pav it starts to get annoying So to sum up Samosa vadas and pav are GREAT But the advertising should at least take some break
Rated Surbhi is right outside Borivali Station east end. First Thing that comes to ur mind talking abt Surbhi is Samosas! And man they nail it everytime. Hot & Spicy with Tangy Chutneys! Also Dahi Kachoris are my on list. You also keep hearing abt Lassi announcement which feeds ur mind with sinister germ to have it and it doesn't disappoint. It's not great but good. Chats such as Pani Puri are good too though I haven't tried, just heard. Good place for quick desi snack.
Rated Place : Located off the Western Express Highway and has parking space available. Ambiance : The restaurant is cool..The interiors are rich..Not restricted to any particular culture but great. Light music keeps on playing and has a bar on the side..The table arrangements is also one thing i really liked. Service : The staff is decent. You can expect a bit of sophistication but not soo much..The staff suggested me with variety of dishes to go for...They also took feedback from us regarding a lot of things which give them a positive remark. Food : I wanted to go for North Indian dishes here..I'll go categorically. Sabzi - We ordered Paneer Tikka Masala and Paneer Bhurji. Both were in enough quantities and usual presentation. But both of them had their own tastes and blends. Roti - We ordered Roti ki Tokri which was quite okay. Not everything is what you like..Of the pack i liked Butter Kulcha.. Rice - We ordered a Dal Khichdi and Jeera Rice Dal Tadka combination..Both similar but were different in their own sense. I am a rice lover myself so i personally liked both of them. Overall : I feel this is really a great family restaurant..For the Non-Drinker families who don't have problems with such alcohol providing restaurant, you should definitely check it out here ! spoonforknfood.blogspot.com
Rated This is an old place in borivalli. Cost effective and very simple. The decor is just about normal. A lot of family crowd comes here. The alcohol is cheap and they do not house the high end stuffs. Their usp on serving alcohol is that they serve a lot of sides along with the drinks. I don' t know whether it is true for all customers or because my friends are regulars there. The starters are good especially the prawn koliwada. The chicken malwani seems to be favourite amongst people although i found it quite watery. The staff needs to be a bit fast. All in all a good experience.
Rated Did a evening hangout with a friend over few beers here. The place is decent and so is service.. they serve good amount of titbits like chakli...peanuts.. chips wid beers.. we ordered for chicken manchurian which was not well made but chicken tikka was good and spicy. Budget hotel for a beer.
Rated Its near Tata Steel , Borivali East . It was Sunday and Lunch I had planned with family . Also it has a Bar . We ordered for Non-Veg Food . To my surprise the food was very good . I had ordered Chicken Musallan , Veg Crispy , Rotis and Jeera rice . For a family of 3 , this was a perfect afternoon meal.. It was not only super tasty but equally awesome quantity. Also the ambience in restaurant was very good and service was quick . Over all I will rate this restaurant 4.0 for good quality and quantity . The rates were reasonable as compared to the quantity they served . It's one of the best restaurant in Borivali . One must prefer .
Rated Went there with parents enjoyed the meal we ordered Paneer Handi with jeera rice Chicken Handi and rotis. the only issue was roti were not that good could be better...Ended the meal with a good ice cream named tipsy topsy, all in all its good clean and not that expensive if u ask me...
Rated Good location easily acessible from western express highway.Divided into i guess 4-5 sections i guess. non a/c family,a/c family peg system, non a/c quarter system,a/c quarter system and what not ...This is a go to place for your tipple with friends. Not recomended for families. Prefer the basement a c quarter system...brimming with all sort of crowds and noisy on weekends but aptly priced and still provides the complimentary bitings with ur tipple..bar food as usual but their green chutney deserves a special mention so does their aloo chat . 4 star rating cause spend many evenings wuth close friends so i guess sentimental.
Rated Thank you Adity for the yummy cake. I've tried death by chocolate and it was awesome. And thank you for giving it your personal touch with all the suggestions and ideas. The service was excellent.
Rated Amazing cakes, cupcakes, and unique breads. Adity has always been able to deliever the best quality. She is very much passionate which reflects in her work. Since she is a home baker, lot of care has been taken to relish your tastebuds. I have tasted almost all her cakes and patisserie. I bet Treat yo Self can beat the biggest names in Mumbai.
Rated Well as the name suggest this place has some superb vegetarian dishes which are deliciously healthy as well...I love almost all their dishes because of their consistency in their flavour
Rated After Witnessing Ratings on Zomato Timings Were the Most ATTRACTIVE part about this place. Whether you are coming home after a party (& often u feel hungry) OR U wanna eat late night. This Serves one & all. One Can go for PAV Bhaji and yes My all time Life Favourite SADA Dosa Decent Place!!!
Rated It's an average family restaurant and old one in the area, serving since long time, Food wise it's typical veg restaurant, with good food. Famous for Pav Bhaji & South Indian dishes.
Rated The location is the only plus point this eatery has! The food is very basic and taste varies with every visit! The service is OK too and the waiters are not friendly! Usually these restaurants serve good food and act as a daily eating joint but this one needs to improve a lot... The South Indian Food is still decent!
Rated Sada Dosa, has always been my all time favorite dish, and served with tasty sambhar, makes it just right. And welcome veg diet is one of those few restaurants who have been getting this piece right for ages now. Off late they have extended their menu to various Punjabi and Chinese dishes, and apparently they are tastier too. If you are a daal fan, you must try the Daal Tadka here, coupled with Jeera rice.
Rated A really good hotel to try. I have been coming here with my dad when you don't ha e a decent veg joint in and around. Pav bhaji and dosas are really good. Cheers!
Rated Never been to welcome however we order from here almost every day. Pav bhaji is delicious, recently lot of restaurants have started playing around with pav bhaji thereby spoiling the taste. But this one has maintained quality and quantity both. Khada pav bhaji was very oily lot f veggies properly cooked and with nice pav bhaji masala tastes decent. Masala pav is my favorite here its just delicious. Never had masala pav like this any where else. They chop pav and mix with masala with lot of butter. You actually get taste of butter in every bite. Quality and Quantity both amazing. My mom specially calls me to get masala pav from here :) South indian dishes are more than average, sambhar is thick and tastes nice so does chutney. Chole bhature tastes ok, chole are little hard and bhature is nicely made and soft. Missal pav another brilliant dish. They give lot of missal which tastes great. not much oil and good quantity. Aloo paratha is thick with lot of stuffing and yet tasty. They give green chutney with it which is yum with paratha. foodiefoot.ajaymatharu.com
Rated This is typical veg. restaurant. We order food almost everyday from here as it is nearby office.Home delivery is consistent, usually the food arrives within 20-25 minutes. We have tried most of the items from the menu. Different types of uttapam and dosas, Pav bhaji, Missal Pav, Punjabi dishes are some of the items.Taste of the food is decent.Overall a good restaurant to have nearby.
Rated I'm not sure but I've heard that this hotel is serving borivali since 70s. Best ever Value for money hotel. Quality Very good Quantity If south Indian food has best quality Hygienic Average Service Fast and good Ambiance average Speciality South Indian Dishes Must try South Indian food specially Crunchy Wada sambhar
Rated Best dish you can have here is fry misal !! Taste awsome ! Other dish I would suggest is shezwan pizza must try once ! Good place for timepass
Rated Before the site visit to Kanheri caves, we stopped here for quick breakfast. Its bang opposite the Sanjay gandhi National park. We had 1. cheese uttapam 👌🙌 it was loaded with cheese. 2. Rava Masala dosa which was nice and crispy. The masala could have been more flavourful. 3. Onion rava dosa which surprisingly wasn't as crispy and it had too much onion. 4. Last but my favourite, Misal fry. It was like a dry version of misal pav with denser flavour. Extra farsaan, extra pav, lemons and you are good to go 👍👌 We ordered filter coffee too, it was quite diluted tho. So you probably may want to have tea instead. Overall a decent breakfast joint 👍
Rated Place to enjoy great brunch or breakfast with friends and family. Hotel Shree Ramdev serves the best kholhapuri fry misal. Visit once and enjoy it.
Rated The service is pretty average. The paneer uttapa was okay. The Shahi Masala dosa here is a must try with pineapple, grapes and an exotic sauce. The ambiance is okay.
Rated Nice location with some excellent food...owners are generous too Dosas are mouth watering and quantity is filling Interiors are not much too talk about but the food is worth, it gets people who are waiting for their bus or national park visit as its right in front corner of busy naka...must say a lucky location
Rated This restaurant is only famous for Kolapuri Fry Misal and South Indian like idli, vada and all. Secret part "they serve Batti wala Pav on special request not in Menu with Fry Kolapuri Misal" and it's really amazing. Everyone should try. ""Pocket Friendly"" Ambience - 2 Service - 3 Food - 4 only because of Kolapuri Fry Misal
Rated After being famished and near ravenous after a trek in borivalli national park , this was the first pure veg restaurant we saw just opposite the gate. Fare isreasonble, service is quick and for the so hungry, food quality was not really a consideration. But the food is okay. The quantity is good. Had biryani, Pav Bhaji and coffee.Coffee is good.
Rated Beginning I went to watch 'Fan' at growel's for a early night show, after the show finished at 11 no one was in the mood eat at the mall so we decided to konkan kubera (being one of the only place open after 11pm) at annex mall. I had spotted this shop a lot of times while going to watch movie at carnival cinema & was always curious about his place after their renovation just few months before. --------------------- Appearance It's located in annex mall located on the highway just a little before entering thakur village. Originally it was a small shop, which had around three tables cramped into a small space upon first view. After the renovation, they increased the size of their outlet for around 6-7 tables to fit upto 20-22 customers at a time. --------------------- Service & Preparation Speed The first thing after entering you see that everything thanks to the lighting choice is way too blue & the only reason most of photos came out normally is thanks to using camera flash. The feel is decent & the view of the whole restaurant can be seen through the entrance. They have a overall okay service standard. While the guy waiting our table was mostly knowledgeable about their menu, but he had to be reminded to refill our glass every time we needed water. One member of our group who I was dining with had ordered a pepsi bottle got it seemed that they forgot about it. Later on after being inquired about where the pepsi we ordered for it was finally served. The preparation speed is decent for the most part the starters took around 10 mins to get ready, same with the biryani that we ordered later on. --------------------- Food Previously over a year ago I had ordered from here & was really disappointed, but thankfully last Saturday upon visiting here in person. It seems after their renovation it they turned things around & the food has improved in quality. We had ordered Chicken Karanjee, Konkan Kubera Prawns Masala Fry, Konkan Special Chicken Biryani, Mutton Biryani, Caramel Custard, Matka Kulfi. Chicken Karanjee - Chicken Keema marinated with goan masala stuffed in the what is normally a diwali sweet 'karanjee'. The covering was well fried without it being too thin or too thick & it held in the stuffing without it falling out even though the stuffing was comparatively heavier to the normal stuffing. Prawns Masala Fry - Decently fried & the taste worked without anything seeming off, nothing to complaint about. Konkan Kubera Special Chicken Biryani - This dish being in their menu surprised me, since they claim to be a authentic Maharashtrian restaurant. It was just their own version a chicken biryani, really spicy & large in quantity. Mutton Biryani - It was okay in taste, but the mutton was not cooked correctly thanks to that the meat was way too chewy. Caramel Custard - It was really sad looking, but the taste & texture was good but it felt a bit less sweet. Matka Kulfi - The matka kulfi felt more like ice cream rather than a proper kulfi, it felt more like a normal ice cream served in a small matka & even the taste was disappointing to say the least. (they should consider changing to a different brand) --------------------- Ending FINAL OUTPUT - The restaurant has made a decent improvement since the last time I ordered from here, their food has improved in quality. Hopefully they improve their service & some of the flaws mentioned in the review. If it weren't for those flaws I would have given this place a overall 3.5 rating.
Rated Everything on the menu here gives me a homely feeling. Reasonably priced this is one place that you should visit when you have sea food cravings. They are quite generous on portions. If only they could do something about the decor. It's not bad but something doesn't really fit well. Although the stuffed pomfret makes up for it. The only time I was a bit put off was when the amount of tisrya in my tisrya masala was annoyingly low. All that I found were shells. If they keep up with quality then this can be my go to place for fish.
Rated Really sad experience ! I had asked for home delivery from Konkan Kubera thinking I might have nice seafood feast with family but it was one of the really let down experience😔 I called Konkan Kubera but they said minimum order to make is around 700 rs & above. So I ordered few extra dishes thinking the experience would be fab! First of all they claim to serve Malvani cuisine but it tastes all Konkani food ! There is difference between two cuisines taste & appearance wise it's like difference between marathi & Sanskrit language lol Bombay duck fried : Quantity was perfectly ok but they were fried differently ... Very tiny Pisces & very flat! Fishy smell was still there was a turn of! Taste wasn't great 🙁 Kombadi rassa : Rassa was almost like Konkani taste. Not spicy at all very mild & couldn't enjoy it much again Vade : One plate contains only 4 pieces! Very oily & again taste was mild! Prawn curry: I had asked him specifically I want curry also in Malvani style & want it to be spicy! But this was again really let down! I was really pissed couldn't enjoy my dinner at all. Was feeling like calling him to get my money! I ordered komdi vade & prawn curry Malvani style & Bombay duck fried! But I really couldn't enjoy single bite of it!
Rated First thing came in my mind when saw their menu.. What the fish!! Yes indeed, its all about sea food delicacies from konkan. Me and my friends visited this place after seeing sea food menu in their hoarding and it left us desired to tuck in some portions of fishy meal for dinner even after a heavy stomach. We ordered fish platter, komdi vade and sol kadi. Fish platter was average in taste, crispy on the out and tender inside but the pomfret could have been better than expected and also the oily texture over each fish since it was deep fried. Main course was komdi vade which was really awesome with some distinct flavor of konkan masala and the vade was perfect companion to it. Sol kadi was pungent to taste and its a perfect way to end the fishy meal. Ambience was just ordinary to me with some blue mood lights on ceiling but appreciate the service and my additional 1 point rating goes to decent customer service. It's a good place to visit when planning for sea food. Recommended!!
Rated So These are like one of the hidden gems of Kandivali. Malvani food is full of spices and meant for people who love their chilli. so you have to order the right thing. heres what i loved the best. We ordered Clams (Tisrya). Clams Gravy and Dry Clams. Along with Garlic Kulchas and Sol Kadi. The food was delivered Sooper hot. And needless to say they were delicious. The clams dry was spicy with ample quantity of clams. The Clams gravy (Tisrya) was spicy and perfect. Just what a Malvani food lover would expect. I am looking forward to try the crabs and the bombil fry. I'm sure it'll be good. They forgot our Sol Kadi. But when we informed them about it , they delivered it to us in 15 mins. Although it was 1.30. They are really great with their service. So i ordered again on the second day. The Bombil Fry, The Crabs Malvani, Solkadi and the Clams dry again. The Bombil fry arrived nice and crispy. Pleasant to Taste. The Crabs Malvani were juicy and well done. And the Clams as last time were amazing. Next time I'm gonna try their Kombdi Vade and Squid dishes. Looking forward to my third order. I love your quantity. Great staff, Great service, Great Food. We had a brilliant home delivered meal. Keep it going we'll definitely order again. Great Konkan Food Restaurant. In short, great Malvani food. Also they deliver to Kandivali East Lokhandwala. Food so hot and fresh, way beyond my expectation. Thank you for your hospitality.
Rated This is more like a roadside street shop. The decor is basic and it looks like a place that runs on just cash but they accept both cash & card. They serve only malvani food. So if you dont like everything very spicy and hot, this is not a place for you. The staff is very warm and hospitable. The service ia good. Food is decent and value for money.
Rated Had our dinner on Friday , we ordered for pomfret fry, pomfret thali and bharli vangi. All the dishes were average. The pomfret gravy was slightly better, the fry version was just not done well, it lacked spices. The ambience is very average and the place is small. In short you can plan a take away.
Rated Decent sea food. One really good thing about this place is that you can get your food prepared the way you like. Friendly staff and quick delivery.
Rated Not so good, not so bad kinda experience. Instead of visiting Urban Tadka, we thought of trying this restaurant which was on my list for a long time now. So when we entered this restaurant on Sunday afternoon at around 3ish - it was already full, but luckily we got a corner table near the window. We ordered Solkadi first & it was one of the best Solkadis I had ever tasted. Then we started browsing the menu & found quite unique items in the menu, so thought of trying them one by one. Stuffed Pomfret & Chicken Kolhapuri for starters - both were below average. We were already disappointed as the person who took our order, misguided us for the Chicken Kolhapuri dish - as he clearly mentioned its purely a starter & not a main course, but when we got this dish on our table it was something else. Similarly for our main course we ordered Malvani Chicken & wade - No doubts, Wada was excellent but again same thing happened with Chicken Malvani, we were again misguided by saying its a spicy curry, but when it arrived on the table it was as pathetic as Chicken Kolhapuri & not even close to any Malvani cuisine. So was not a fulfilling experience. I think they have started this good concept, but need to work on their services. Rest of the things like Ambience, they just have arranged table & chairs for the sake & taste-wise below average..but still I believe they have a scope to improve - need to work up on.
Rated The prefect place to have authenticate maharashtrian cuisine. Ambience is very basic but when its come to food & taste its outstanadind. The staff is helpful & service is quick. This a small joint & food is fairly priced. Must try their wangi bharta, masale bhat, dal methi varan & malwani sukha chicken.. Looking forward to visit again to try more food in their menu. Cheers!!
Rated I have visited this restaurant multiple times as this restaurant is near to the Borivali station. This restaurant is good for having snacks or a quick lunch. Snacks like medu vada and dosas are quite good to taste. I have tried paneer tikka which was huge in quantity and great to taste too. I have also tried pav bhaji too which was good but not great. Puri bhaji is served quite nicely here. Overall the food here is served in great quantity and is decent to taste. Service is good. Ambience is not very great. Taste: 7/10 Service: 7/10 Ambience: 6/10 Value for money: 7/10
Rated The restaurant is economical and famous for its South Indian food.. They have revamped the restaurant so now it is quite spacious, neat and clean. Food is good not that great but service was lil bit poor
Rated If you want to have a quick economical byte near borivali station, Sanjay is the place. I had an amazing mysore masala dosa and a below average filter coffee here.
Rated One of the oldest udipi restaurant in Borivali east.. Typically famous for South Indian dishes.. Paneer handi is good.. The take away quantity is very good.. Can serve upto 3 persons..
Rated This is very old udpi hotel near borivali stn ...they have a very nice range south indian dishes..really good sambar,.btata wada, and so on...main course is also quite good..dnt ever go fr chinese here...oder stuff is nice.
Rated An average Udippi joint with decent south Indian fare. The place has been around for more than two decades so that is a sign of its endurance. Like the Dosas here, tasty and priced lightly. It was around twenty years ago when I last visited Sanjay. I still remember that its Green chutney Mysore Masala Dosa remained to be the best that I have ever had. It was the restaurant that introduced me to Mysore Dosas. Before which I only knew Regular and Rawa dosas. On a rainy day, I chose to revisit it after all those years. The restaurant is still the non air conditioned place that it was two decades ago. However, its ambiance and decor looked much better. For a simple joint such as this, there was a rather impressive mural on the wall adjacent to the cashier. The restaurant does buzzing business and its good strategic location has undoubtedly made it the best South Indian eatery in this locality. The facade however may be less impressive since its located in front of a busy road with pot holes and other visibly dis-pleasureful things. I ordered a Mysore masala dosa and noticed to my disappointment that it no longer is the green chutney that I once adored but instead the standard red chutney which is common in Mysore dosas at 90% of Udippi joints. Well it has been a long time. Change was bound to happen. That being said the dosa was still excellent and tasted better than what I have had in most other Uddipi restaurants. The masala inside the Dosa was converted into a sticky paste which was a departure from the lumpy potato dish found inside most masala dosas. It somewhat tasted like Maggi noodles to me. The pricing is all right. It is slightly higher than other places but too little to be bothered with. The service is decent, my Dosa was prepared within ten minutes. It was hot and tasted fresh. Clearly, they have an efficient kitchen. Note - This place is no foodies paradise but it provides decent and cheap food. It is a place for everyone. Food 3/5 Pricing 3.5/5 Service 3.5/5 Ambiance 2.5/5 grubzone.blogspot.com
Rated nothing much to be reviewed here but a good restaurant if you are close to borivali station/st depot and looking for a quick snack. my personal fav here is the paneer 65 with fried rice. the rest of the items are pretty much the same as in other south indian joints
Rated An economic veg restaurant. Have good curries in menu. Dal khichdi and palak khichdi are too good. You may find dine in experience on lower side b'cz of small space and very congested surrounding area. Overall good veg restaurant. #Happyeating
Rated The small but manageable place, good for south Indian dishes, Punjabi spicy dishes are prepared with more oils, however the normal dishes like veg khajana, veg maharaja, paneer butter massala are good and in green sabji the veg hariali is good, staff are good and prize are reasonable one cannot expect more then the money you spend hence overall it is worth of money you pay
Rated The food Is good :D the service is also fast the place is little congested but manageable Overall good place for eating and home deliveryMUST have butter paneer
Rated A small, BUT decent restaurant, in the area, the menu's pretty usual, nothing special to Bold out. Though, the Uttapam is not to die for, LOL!!! No, but on a serious note, it is really tasty. The place is really clean!!! That a suitable reason for me at least in order to revisit the place.
Rated It is a hotel in borivali east.the hotel ia non ac but what i found is the punjabi food which was very delicious and worth the price.plz try paneer tikka masala and veg khazana
Rated There is a huge shortage of quality restaurants in Borivali East area. So if you are visiting Borivali East area, you will not find any higer grade restaurants. While searching for place to eat, This was only place to eat for breakfast. We ordered Idli, Masala Dosa, Coffee. My daughter wanted fruit juice but they do not serve fruit juice this early. Idli and Dosa was nice. Coconut chutney tasted bland, no tatst to it. Tasteless. Sambar was ok. Idli and Dosa were of decent quality. Coffee was good. I requested to make it strong and they did make it strong. Overall, due to lack of choice it was a decent place to fill stomach. It is a value for money lower grade udipi style restaurants. Ok to eat fast food. Definitely better food quality than on the street food stalls. But don't go with high expectations. Nothing fancy, Middle class restaurant in a middle class area servicing quality food at very reasonable rate. Serive: 3.5 ( Super fast service) Food: 3.5 Ambiance: 2.0 ( Nothing to mention. ) Overall 3.0
Rated Simply awesome. This used to be my regular place for having food. A must try items are dahi kichidi, poori sabji and combo lunch. Delivery is also very quick and nice. This is a definitely must try place. South Indian items like sambar needs improvement.
Rated The home delivery service is quite fast. The quality and quantity of the food is decent. Must try- Dal khichadi the south indian food The lunch/dinner thali Biryani's Their speciality vegetables Masala chaas and falooda's Everything is perfect except the chinese ,the normal vegetables and indian breads. So all in all 3/5 for food.
Rated I order it for the home delivery only. Great taste , good service. Reasonable price :D
Rated This place has amazing misal pav and omlette pav. The Chinese fried rice is also pretty decent. The servicing is pretty quick. Ts very close to my office so almost everyday we order lunch from central prabhu.
Rated Economy bar and the food is nice. Delivery would take 45 mins. If you are around Tata power give it a try for its dal tadka and mutton kheema.
Rated It was awesome!! The food is tasty.Chicken lollypop Chicken liver and Mutton kheema are a few dishes u can give a try.. The ambience over there in the restaurant is NOT that great as u will find 100% Bevde log!! :p My suggestion is to take away food and enjoy the same at some other place maybe your home. Food wise I will rate 4 out of 5 and Ambience wise 0.5! U won't get better non veg food than central prabhu in Borivali East area.
Rated TL;DR Good Food, Slow Service, BAR-ish ambiance, not for family Food: We always underestimated this place. This place has been complete surprise package for us. We tried missal pav, schezwan noodles, chicken lollipop and chicken chilly everything was good. Missal pav is just the perfect taste, spicy and flavors. Noodles were properly cooked with decent amount of chicken in it. Lollipop with 6 pieces of chicken and well cooked. Chicken chilly had that tangy taste its suppose to have. Overall good food. Service: Service is quite slow since its a bar people come here for drinks and quick crunch if you order anything in dishes it normally takes long time to get it done. Ambiance: This place is a bar and ambiance is just like it. People everywhere just drinking and munching. They have outdoor seating, indoor and AC section. They have big place. Overall Ratings: Food: 3.5/5 Service: 3/5 Ambaince: 2/5 foodiefoot.ajaymatharu.com
Rated Try butter chicken. One of the awesome dish in the locality. Very good in chicken dishes. And for drinks try ac room. And forget the waiters voice.
Rated One of my favourite place. Visited yesterday with my friends... Food is Best as usual. One Must try Mutton Kheema with Kadak Pau. However Chicken kolhawadi is also gr8. Bhuna chana with bhuna Garlic is awesm. Service has also improved a lot. Focus on customer satisfaction has started on. A little discipline is still required in waiters however behaviour has also improved a lot.
Rated This is the dullest place in the market! the shop looks dead from inside, there's no excitement, I mean the moment you step in , you wana get out as quickly as possible! They used to be really good until 5-6 years ago but I don't know probably they got lazed out..I used to get garlic bread from this place, now I won't even take it for free... All they have is dry saviours, which tastes shitty..there cakes Are also hard and seems to be old!!
Rated Fabulous cakes, average savouries, good staff, good ambience. We can have pastries and savouries there itself. Would suggest for people staying nearby.
Rated A must visit for a cake lover😍 Nice people ..Nice Service A gourmet's paradise.. Must have includes Truffles & Black Forest pastries.. Cake orders delivered on time..
Rated I love birdy's and have eaten at many outlets but this one lacks the charm. I had tried the marble cheesecake and I loved it but they stopped keeping it. Somehow the pieces are smaller and the prices are more. Is this outlet really run by the birdy's people or are the current owners just using the brand name and selling their own products? I just don't know. I ordered the blueberry cheesecake which has been consistently good. The baked goods are good, especially the chocolate chip muffins and the chicken crossaint. Other pastries I don't know if I could try. No place to sit. Just a small table to stand by on the side.
Rated The only great brand in our vicinity aftr a long time....I always prefer birdy's over all other cake brands....all items are always so fresh n their cake's cream too is very fresh indeed...the only -ve point is that all good stuffs gets finished till 5 in the evening and are left with only 1 or 3 cakes and pastries. ....even the newly introduced cheese cake needs to be ordered a day before unlike all other outlets whr they keep it for sale on display itself like other cakes...but I personally feel birdy's is the best in cakes....
Rated Ok. Its the only shop this side but somehow lacks the yumm factor...Chocolate cakes were more SWEETY flavor than CHOCOLATY...Decent otherwise but somehow cannot compare with IC or sone otherplace. Top in BORIVALI EAST till now... but Avg compared to others.
Rated Finally! An awesome cake shop nearby!No more going all the way to IC colony. Brilliant Cakes. A rare cake shop which serves cheesecakes too (Yummy i must say!). Highly recommended!
Rated This place looks good on the out and is super shady from the inside.. The food is good I agree but the problem is the seating arrangement... If we pay the prices that they charge we obviously expect proper service.. Their regulars make it difficult to sit there with our family or friends for a few drinks and food.. I hope they work on this.. Make a separate section for the drinks.. Or make atleast batch timings.. #no offence
Rated While i was visiting boriwali east Shantivan area I was searching for place which serves alcohol with good food. Since Pangat doesnt serves Alcohol I decided to Try Grand Maratha. Although the place name is Grand Maratha they doesnt have any connection with ITC When i Visited the Hotel with couple of my friends it was overcrowded with daily boozers & was difficult to get a table for three. Area is small & table looks like old restaurants. We kept ordering all Seafood starters to go along with our hard drinks & they were awesome. The place is little shady & ambience was not so great but yet the visit was enjoyable.
Rated Was damn hungry on a field work. Found this on Zomato, at first it seemed to be satisfactory but seriously thanks to Zomato for enlisting such a wonderful Dal Tadka Makers. It was delicious like never. Grand Maratha keep it up and add tadkas to all your recipes.
Rated The nearest restaurant from my house haven't tried much from their menu just had butter chicken butter paratha and chicken lollipop and must say the food was satisfactory.
Rated Awesome place... nice food & service both...... if u like to seat in non-smoking zone it will be better for u.. der's nice terrace like... closed space is der...
Rated Awesome food :-) . Loved it, A great dining experience, Quick service. Grand Maratha's seafood rocks. Good value for money.......Enjoyed it Totally
Rated Awesome food..all the nonveg dishes r really good
Rated Good value for money. Best butter chicken in borivali east. I would advice everyone to order only non veg.
Rated best value for money restaurant in the area. good food. apt for home delivery
Rated Decent spacious place .. Avg pricing but not that good service.. Is open till late night but one can find alternatives to this place.. AC on the ground floor and non AC with lot of mosquitoes on the first place. Don't need to wait much for tables..
Rated Good place for budget drinkers. 4 ppl can be done in around 2-2.5k. Some dishes are bad, some are awesome. Do try the chicken crispy. This place is always packed during any cricket series. Mostly you will find all college students here.
Rated Never had dine there but took parcel from there and I must say it wasn't good as expected .Tried chicken kabab and Hyderabadi masala. Taste was average and not sure it always the same as I ordered only once.
Rated #Men OF Influential visit So Service was inevitably Awesome Food Ordered:- - Prawn Chilly --Nice -Fish Schezwan --Nice -Prawn Schezwan--Nice -Paneer Sathey -- ok ok -Fish Curry -- Decent Enough!! On The Whole Decent Experience
Rated Have been to this place so many timea that I have forgot the count. A great eating experience with value for money. Restaurant is well seggregated in family and bar section. Rupali papad, rumali roti and chicken crispy is must. You may juge something else about the restaurant looking at the surroindings, but truat me you will be wrong once u enter and order food. Great place to hang out wid frnds and enjoy genuinely good food.
Rated Boys, girls, kids. The whole family. This place is for everyone. Great food. Fantastic service. Cheap drinks. Non-Vegetarians will have a treat. My Favorite. Very Cool Weekend Hangout
Rated wow! I was surprised to see Roomali roti on the menu.Also their Russian salad good to try. A bit on a higher side but their food is worth the price.
Rated I would not recommend this for the girls. The place is like a typical bar. Normally you can find guys hanging out here after office hours to drink. The place is shady and dark. Good place for guys.
Rated perfect place when you are low on budget and wanna party....place is like any other normal bar it has ac section and rooftop non ac section which is mostly crowded by all sort of people.......cant recommend for female friends.........college guys after work booze party people....good place for them...washroom is not hygienic......all in all you get cheap drinks matches on projector to enjoy and food value for money..
Rated Average view from the top end, still enjoyed sitting here as the rains were pouring outside heavily,service was decent enough, paneer chilly was brilliant ,enjoyed it with beer!
Rated Decent place for south Indian dishes..Don't expect a lot from interiors,but the service is quick enough. The management should also take care of the hygiene of the hotel as the glasses were not properly washed. Items to be ordered : Masala Dosa , Medu Wada and don't try anything else expect this..Good for the breakfast hours.
Rated I had visited this place long time back and I vaguely remembered that they served good south indian food. As I mentioned earlier that Borivali Area has shortage of breakfast places. We did not want to eat street food so we ventured out and found this place. Before entering this place I did not have much expectations. I was expecting average place. But this place exceeded my expectations. Ambiance: Typical Udipy ambiance. No AC seating but fans through out. 8:30AM in the morning place was empty. Seating is also not too bad. It looks like they have changed the seating recently. Waiter took our order promptly. We ordered Idlis, Dosas, Fruit Juices, Soft Drink and Nescafe. We were group of 4. Idlis were perfect. Sambar was tasty. But Coconut chutney was watery and tasteless. Better chutney would have make the Idlis one of the best in western Suburb. Even with watery chutney Idli was way above average. Dosa was very crispy. Personally I do not like very crispy Dosa but my dining partner enjoyed the crispy dosa. Potato Masala filing inside the dosa was ok. Fruit Juices were average. Nescafe was average too. Coffee cup was too small. I have gotten used to Starbucks and Cafe Coffee day quantity so Udipy coffee cup is way small for me. I usually need to order 2 cups to satisfy my coffee cravings. Fruit Juices(Cocktail and Orange ) were good. Prices were very reasonable. Value for money is definitely there. I visited same place 2 days later for breakfast again. So if you are in Borivali East area, I suggest this restaurant for South Indian food. If you want fancier restaurants for food then you need to travel on Western Express Highwway towards Andheri. Unfortunately There are no fine dining restaurants around Borivali East area, Uma is the best option. Over all rating: 3.5 for Value for food and good quality south indian food.
Rated This was my fav place in childhood . ambience will not meet your expectations but u will get good food. Dishes recommended ! South Indian , pau bhaji , dal fry was always my fav!
Rated My fav spot when I was a child, good place for family outings in borivli. I still remember my dinner times here when I was a kid. What should u order here?? Special pav bhaji, south indian food, masala pav these r my favourites. How is the place? U shudnt expect more with the ambience. But the ac section is pretty decent. If you want good food in borivli its not bad and has quick service :)
Rated Uma is the place to go if Mom is too lazy too cook on Sundays. We've been visiting this place since I was a kid. The owners know us very well. About the food- Its good and tasty. The service is also quick. There is a parking space for bikes. Plus the are 2 sections - A/C and Non A/C. They provide home delivery, which is surprisingly comes within 1/2 hour which is better than other nearby restaurants. In all this is a good family type restaurant and reasonably priced than the nearby ones.
Rated Best place for South indian food. Idli dosa are very much tasty... Pav bhaji is also gud even chinese is gud bt dnt eat sandwhich here only suggestion fr dem is to upgrade d furniture n interiors needed
Rated best place near station in borivali east specially for idli,masala dosas and pav bhaji ..good taste at best price. do try their masala pav its just awesome.
Rated Checked out the Neelam e Punjab, off the Western Express Highway, in Kandivli/Borivli. We stumbled into the place not knowing what to expect. It was dinner time. As we walked up the flight of steps, through the metal detector, we were greeted by a deafening, thumping music. We did have the alternative of walking away but we braved it and marched on. Luckily for us, the thumping music was at the night club beside the restaurant. The restaurant was a more docile environment. Once we were seated, we felt comfortable. The wait staff was not the most informed or attentive; we relied on the over-sized 3D (cover) menu and made our choice. After some cajoling, we got the wait staff’s attention and ordered: the Lemon Coriander Soup, Chicken Tikka Masala, Rawas Fish Tikka Masala, Chana Masala, Dal Tadka, Roti and Jeera Rice. The Lemon Coriander Soup was passable. The Chicken Tikka Masala was very good, special mention of the size and texture – these were delectably bite-sized and moist and went well with the Roti. The Fish Tikka Masala was the hero of the day; the fish was fresh and remarkable in the manner it was spiced up; not too hot, but richly spiced. The Chana Masala was surprisingly good but I felt that the sweetness could have been brought down a notch; one point though, the chick peas may not have been fully soaked because we experienced in the aftermath, an irritable bowel syndrome-like effect. The Jeera Rice and Dal Tadka were as homely as it gets. Overall, a good dining experience. The wait staff needs a lot of coaching and mentoring to be somewhat aware of what customer service and experience is all about. The seating could be improved to more closely give the feeling of a fine dining experience. The large sized sofas and the general layout gave it more the impression of a lounge. So, if you are up for a fun leisurely time with friends, this is definitely the place to go; added attraction is the bar. If you are planning on taking your dinner date to a fancy place, this may not quite fit the bill.
Rated Nice cosy restaurant in Borivali East , food is awesome specially paneer and chicken dishes. But highly priced compared to value for money. Still worth to try once because of its great ambience.
Rated Neelam-e-punjab has a family restaurant as well as a lounge with all types of drinks and a dance floor! The lounge is very decent! Its a good place to go if you have a big group! The food at the restaurant was delicious! We had ordered chicken alishan kebab, chicken tikka masala with phulke and biryanii! The food was good but the service was too slow! Every dish was arriving after 20-25 mins or so! This was very irritating!! We had even ordered the patiyala lassii which came in a big glass and it was a gaddhii lassi like the one you may get in Punjab! It was stomach filling and it was worth the cost! Overall -4/5 Food - 4.5/5 Service- 2/5 Ambience-4/5 Highly Recommended!!
Rated Neelam E Punjab!!! Located exactly opposite to western express highway kandivali east but consider as Borivali this place is too good had been to this to attend my friends birthday party and you know this place as also got small family pub my friend had gave party in that E Punjab pub!!
Rated Had taken a take away last night.. pretty reasonable food. Ordered for butter chicken, chicken dhaba and palak paneer.. love there non veg but veg flavours were lacking.. quantity is decent, can cover two people in one portion. Didn't really like the setting, they claim to be a casual fine dining place, they have tried to pull it off but decor is kinda cheap... service is a bit slow.. and drinks are a tad bit expensive.. food is better thou for the price and the location....
Rated Great ambiance and great tasting food 😀 we ordered handi chicken , bhuna mutton , roti basket, zeera rice. All tasted soo good !! Nice music was playing in the background. We had a good experience out there. :)
Rated #Lunchy-Brunchy Review!! Awesome Interior in comparison to neighbourhood outlets. FRiendly Staff!! Situated over Western Express Highway. Extremely Silent. Food ORdered:-- -Fish Koliwada -- Odour-Less DEcent!! -VEG Hara Bhara Kabab-- Simply Awesome!! Loved It! -Butter Chicken -- NIce!! -Indian Bread Basket -- Nice Variety. -Laccha Paratha -- Being A Punjabi little disappointed. - Dum Biryani -- Jhakkass !! - Waiter _Choice Soup -- Decently Good! Nice Experience!! Little Heavy on Pocket
Rated This place is nice and have very good interior i love the food services is good and they r very kind to customer i can suggest all of you can go to this restro and enjoy ur time very peaceful.. Its in carnival first floor so enjoy guys and girls 😅
Rated This could be avoid if u are choosy about ambience Quality of service quality of food.Its just one more Restaurant.Nothing special.its economical and and its near station ..lights were too low ..You want feel like Premium restaurant..
Rated Mind it!! It's for late night booze only. Food quality is to fill u but not not satisfy u, that's it. Beaware in AC/section for alcohol mix up. Recommended to to go for only seal pack bottles in the non ac section..
Rated This place is just outside the station. it's very old and they have the best pav bhaji. Also very good variety in south Indian food . Must try the pav bhaji here !
Rated The location is very good i.e., very near to the Borivali railway station (E). Its good to have a quick drink or a chilled beer on a hot summer day, if you are in the vicinity. The service is below average. The food is a straight NO No if you are planning to visit this place for lunch or dinner. We had ordered a Chinese starter, Chicken gold coin which was extremely under cooked and we bravely tried to finish it; but in vain. The ONLY purpose of this Bar is to have a quick drink followed by a quicker Exit!
Rated Rating it only for authentic Mangalorian non-vegetarian food.. From neer dosas to chicken sukkha, there is no dish that is not cooked to remind you of the Konkan flavors! It's a small place located in a crowded market Street. Prefer to take away the food.
Rated Awesome usal fry for morning break fast as well as lunch quantity and quality is good for 2 person try with butter pav or plain pav gravy is thick and tasty must try once service is very good over there this is situated near Carter road birvali east
Rated Authentic mangalorean joint! Must have: - Bangada Fry, Basa rava Fry, Chicken Sukkha with Neer Dosa. This Place doesn't have AC- Not sure why it is mentioned AC on Zomato. Superb joint for authentic South Indian cuisine. Highly recommended!
Rated Good palce to visit as it is located near borivali station on west side... since its on first floor it avoids nuicence n noice place is quite big.. 2 party halls are also there occupying around 100-150 guests.. taste of food Is also good... value for money
Rated Quiet Possibly the worst indian food i have ever tasted. I had ordered take out from this restaurant just out of curiousity. The chicken biryani tasted so bad that felt like they just applied food color on the rice & chicken, no salt barely any taste of some spices applied to it. The chicken gravy had a little taste but instead of chicken pieces, what could be found was balls made of maida with little to no pieces of chicken, it felt like i was eating gravy chicken lollipop piece without chicken.
Rated I've visited this place yesterday and I was like gosh how did I miss this place. Its never too late. You should try Neer dosa with chicken here. They have variety of south Indian and Konkan non veg dishes served on banana leaf. God, they have a good list of nice fish and chicken delicacies. Its a small place but hygiene. No AC and no food coupons. Very close to Borivali east railway station. If you are looking for some nice fish and chicken manglorean and south indian types in budget, you shouldn't miss this. They home deliver too.
Rated Very tasty solkadhi..just loved that
Rated Lovely food. Authentic manglorean taste. Try neer dosa with chicken masala. Guess wat!! Value for money and yes they do home delivery. Addition to review - Recently ordered chicken masala and paneer tikka masala for home delivery, boy oh boy, I must admit, not exaggerating, Radha Krishna got one of the tastiest Chicken Masala i ever tasted. Way to go Radha Krishna!!
Rated A very popular local watering hole. Been the same since Pratap started serving Chineese food on a cart till the shop. The Chineese Bhel is fav with me and my friends
Rated One of the cheaper restaurant in my Neighbourhood. One of the good thing & bad thing about this place is it's consistency of the taste of it's food. The taste has been same for the last 7 years barely any change, which sometimes it feels very boring to eat. The fried rice, gravies & even the starters are decent but could be better. I have seen the interior though haven't dined in it. From my impression it's okay for a quick meal not for having a long leisure meal. FINAL OUTPUT - Reasonably priced restaurant, It's an okay place for home delivery, food is decent but not something special.
Rated Nice food, service also gud, bt quantity is nt better as compared to other..
Rated The menu on this web site is very old...It very expensive as compared to the menu showen above ..No take away menu was sent along with food...Quantity was good..Food was okay (Get better then what I got )..never mind .. not that great
Rated If you are alone at home and your pocket is empty,go for this joint. With only few tables and a small GALA,the bong owner will welcome you with a smile and you can choose from not too long list of Indian Chinese food items. It is a place were u can keep your table manners outside the door and enjoy the meal!
Rated This place seriously deserve 4 rating.. This place is very rocking on Saturday night the food is very good , punjabi is amazing the dance floor and dj were mind blowing.. The crowd was also good. A very cool place to visit, it's located near Carnival Cinemas borivali East. Must visit once.. 😍😘😀
Rated So we had too much time for our movie (carnival cinemas are exactly above this lounge!) to start and my friends decided to have some food before the movie. We entered into an absolute empty lounge (at 8pm on Sunday!) with only staff at vicinity, we ordered some food and then after placing the order, the manager tells us that we have to pay cover charges which is INR500 per person. This was not told to us before entering or on reception right outside the lounge or even while placing an order!!!. We told them that we have already placed an order which would be anyway above the cover charges per person and that we were not interested in drinks at all. The manager told us that we still have to pay. We felt taken aback and just left to never coming back again!
Rated One of the best things happened for people living in Kandivali and Borivali East. ONYX! The last time when I went there (July, 2015)... The cover charge was just ₹550. Which is really affordable for lounges. The food and drinks is amazing and you can party hard with your friends!
Rated Amazing place !! As we entered...there was a perfect aura and a mixture of a lounge and pub...The menu card.has wide variety of food items and booze.items. As we were very hungry we ordered a veg starter platter and 4 imported beers as that matches the best The service is quite good , quick and friendly . The platter includes few panner items , some mushrooms some potatoes and babycorns which tastes awsome ...........................................
Rated Been there thrice. Amazing place to chill with friends. The only place in suburbs having a dance floor. The food is great. Good ambiance. They should add cheezey nachoos to the menu
Rated If you have excellent sitting arrangements and an awesome dancefloor to shake your legs, you probably need not think of anything else. However, service was really good. Food and drinks were also good as usual. A perfect place for Saturday night. People staying in North Mumbai need not travel all the way to Bandra, Andheri or South Bombay for a lounge. Really worth the money
Rated This place is good,but not compared to what I actually expected..The crowd is just O.K.. Here's a treat..If anybody loves dancing to Bollywood songs,this place is a must visit from them (especially) and the D.J is pretty good with his taste of music as well...There are cover charges on weekends.. One Plus point,they have spacious dance floor and the starters are good...If you guys want to putting your dancing shoes go right ahead you won't find any better place than this in 'Borivali'.
Rated Well...to start with...1 of d bst lounge hav ever visited...very happening place with loud dj dance floor...dj plays bollywood songs aftr 9... There are very few lounges with dance floor in d suburbs....v wer 6 of us...and set d stage on fire...ma frnd's birthday was der... Food also tastes nice... Drinks r little expensive...bt ofcourse v can expect dat... Very fast service even though v happened to visit on Sunday night... There is cover charges of rs500 which r covered in our bill...wch is very reasonable... Managers r also helpful...they made arrangements of cake as birthday part... Sitting arrangement is good...every group enjoys deir privacy.... Jst d seats need improvement...some seats r torn... In food...must try..chicken platter....triple chickn schezwan fried rice....quantity also good.... Overall...9/10....a must visit place... Crowd is decent...
Rated Place that turn anyone on with Bollywood music with edm the dj will make you fall in love again.... Dance floor is an add-on with nice ambience but food needs to be improved good place to chill out with friends Must visit if you like to hit the dance floor
Rated Had been here on a Friday night. It's a huge place. Black interior and purple lighting. Loud music. Not so good DJ.? Good food. Large portions. Nice place to have drinks with friends.? They have cover charge on weekends. The crowd here is not so good. We ordered Alfredo pasta (served with garlic bread) - Large quantity,very yummy.? For starters we ordered Paneer tikka. It was good and spicy.? Chicken biryani. Tasty and fulfilling.☺ Veg. Shezwan noodles - very spicy but nice? All this accompanied by beer was just perfect.???
Rated If you are in Shantivan and not in any mood to travel somewhere else to eat, then this is an option for you. It's a teeny tiny place, with average food quality. It is neat and clean and very pocket friendly.
Rated This place is a good place when you want to order food home. The food here is good and warm even when you choose home delivery. I like the Pav Bhaji and the Chinese that is available here. Rest is a no no. Food: Good Service: Moderate Ambeince: Moderate
Rated A tiny restaurant in Borivli East but, it offers amazing tasty food. Only for veg lovers. Very nice menu. Small but comfortable seating. Very humble staff offering nice service. Pav Bhaji and Dal Khichdi are my favorites.
Rated Just a restaurant where we get food available as and when we want as its close to my house. Dishes are average. Decent staff and standard ambience.
Rated A very decent restaurant nearby my house. Its a very small place with below average ambience. If you visit this place try pav bhaji, Mysore masala dosa, and manchow soup. Overall its a good place to have snacks than to have full fledged dinner. The service is a bit slow but the staff is well mannered and friendly.
Rated Ordered paneer tikka masala and veg maharaja! Can't say it was awesome! This is just some average veg restaurant! And please don't order biryani. Its just masala rice with added vegetables!
Rated Good restaurant for vegetarians. One can try veg cheese grilled sandwich , pav bhaji , veg maharaja and dal tadka over here. All these dishes are tooooooooooo good. I personally had a very gopd experience of park view.
Rated Excellent vegetarian food joint. Give a try for paneer chilly. Veg tava is another delicacy you can relish. Vegetable biryani is also too good.
Rated I wish the people who take orders and address for home delivery are a bit more literate and educated, if not polite.... Truly a DISAPPOINTMENT...
Rated Worst place ever for ordering pizza. This was the only decent place near my sis's home to order a good pizza except for dominos. I deleted my old review in which i rated it at 3.5 stars, after the sour experience I had a few months back and replacing the review slipped out of my mind so I am doing it now. I ordered pizza for a home delivery from an app called tiny owl because the owner suggested me to do so. I ordered a veg hungama which has 4 toppings and I ordered paneer as extra topping. What I got was a bad pizza which wasn't even made properly, all the cheese on the pizza was shifted to one side because "apparently" the delivery boy wasn't careful enough to keep the box still. Not only that but there was also only one topping on the pizza which was paneer. I wondered what happened to the other toppings so I called them up. They said it was printed on the bill as 1 Hungama pizza with Paneer written in bracket and in the bill I was charged for the pizza plus the extra topping. Now seeing this bill most normal intellectual people would know that I have ordered a hungama pizza and paneer as an extra topping. But these illiterates at the restaurant assumed that I want a hungama pizza but want to replace all the toppings and instead add paneer. If I was getting the toppings replaced why would I be charged for extra toppings, genius? And why oh why someone in their senses would order a pizza with four toppings and pay for the whole thing then go on to delete all the four toppings and pay extra money to add paneer. Wouldn't I just order a paneer pizza instead?. The owner on the phone was pretty rude and said its not their fault that they assumed I ordered in this stupid manner cause of the way bill was printed. A nice and professional person in a restaurant business would admit his mistake and replace the pizza which apparently this guy isn't. So I would strongly recommend not to order from this joint.
Rated It's a small cafe that keeps shifting but always in the same lane. We ordered veg burger , veg pizza and Cold coffee. Everything was pretty average . Not a fan and not really worth going back but the area doesn't have any cafe kind place so if you just want to sit for sometime and not really have huge meals this is the place for you . It's not a huge place just 4-6 tables .
Rated External appearances are deceptive ....rings true for this place ... Mediocre looks and bare minimum interiors make u wonder whether these guys can deliver ..... But yes they do .... Minimalistic menu ...but they make everything fresh and perfect .... So u have to wait a bit but its OK . gud value for money . the rating is purely for the tasty fare .... Its a must visit if u have a hunger for something nice and light ....
Rated The place, from the outside doesn't look so tempting but looks aren't at all related to taste are they? Awesome food at a very reasonable price for college going guys like me and also for elders if you love junk food! From pizzas to juices everything is there both in veg and non-veg. I hope this review helps. Thank you.
Rated It is excellent fixture of fruits mixed with ideatic way of nutritional value, awesome value, tastes good and good price too
Rated Greetings! On a Saturday evening, when I stumbled upon this outlet of Jumboking, sweet memories of Junior College flooded my mind and I thought of having a Jumbo inspite of a satisfied tummy. Since it's my first Jumboking review, I would like to write something about the brand Jumboking from an observant customers' perspective. The usual review follows. Brand: Jumboking came onto the scene as breath of fresh air about 8 years back. With combinations like Chhole, Schezwan, Cheese VadaPavs along with different style of servings, be it Grilled or Extra Butter and their special sauce and bun-like Pavs, the brand Jumboking was quickly accepted by Mumbaikars. After the initial euphoric 3-4 years, due to rising rates and catch-up by local competitors; many customers have parted away from the brand. New launches like Jumbosa and high priced burger-like Jumbos haven't really helped to bring in new and bring back old customers. Still the brand is surviving and trying and that's what matters. My best wishes for the future. Location: Well, this outlet gets the benefit for it's location which is just opposite to Borivali station's eastern exit. Quite easy to spot. Kasturba Road is a good reference. Ambiance: Being close to the station means the outlet is at least busy. They have made fair arrangements for people to stand and eat. Hygiene is maintained above average. Satisfied. Food: It is just about average and same as at any other outlet. The traditional ball-shaped Vada is replaced by the thin disc-shaped one. This takes away all the 'Jumboness' of it. Also they taste very simple, sometimes even bland. Jumboking's bun-breads are usually fresh and their sauce enhances the overall flavour. I haven't tried the Jumbosa, but they serve a good Softy. Service: Not required much for such places. Staff is apparently quick and professional. Cost: Now this is where Jumboking misses the bus. Low priced ones are okay but the high end ones are expensive by most definitions. I'd rather have a burger from McDonalds or Burger King for almost the same price. Recommendations: My best pick is the Butter Jumboking as I find it the most value for money. Overall, a try about once in 2-3 months or if no better option.
Rated i prefer the butter grilled version over the traditional jumboking. the jumbosa, which is a rectangular shaped samosa is also worth trying.
Rated My experience here is not that good. Infact I have a very negative experience. They have introduced some new desserts for 20 bucks and I tried it. And I have to say that I will never ever visit this place. The icecream was sour that is.. It was not fresh at all. The flavor was chocolate but it just had the chocolate colour and nothing. I told the staff that this is not good what you are serving for which the staff guy acted so rude and in a heartless manner. That lena h toh lelo Varna ye lo 20 rs. Like who talks like this?! This is what jumbo king is for? I feel so satisfied when he gave me 20 bucks back. Because I guess even he knew that they lack quality.
Rated I frekkin love the place, I only wonder why has it gone down on its outlets!!! It's the perfect place to be for all the vada pav lovers. It's 100 times better and hygienic than all the street vendors that are there. It's also very reasonably priced... It's biggest competition is goli vada pav, which has also started to make a name for itself...
Rated Only good for the vada pav lovers as you can get the variety of the vada pav, quality is best, you can say that better from the street vendors. -this time we had some butter and cheese vada pav. they we good but not the best one, upper layer of pav was hard. hoping the good vada pav next time.
Rated Jumbo King at a time, used to serve Mumbai's finest Vada pavs. Those were the days, when I used to eat at Jumbo King practically every day. However over the years, things have changed. I can positively say that the snacks they made five years ago tasted on a whole different level. Right now, the Vada pavs lack seasonings, chutney and taste dry. They are quite average in taste. I feel Goli's is better than Jumbo King. One of the reasons why I ever chose Jumbo King over Street side stalls was the hygiene factor. While it is true that their kitchen is indoor but this particular shop's location is its biggest disadvantage. There are no barriers between the messy street and the shop. Not to mention that the place where patrons wait for their food is stone slabs over a drain. There are a lot of flies, stagnant water directly outside the place as well. The place feels not that much better than a street side vada pav shop. The lack of seating or standing place for that matter is a major deterrent for would be customer. That being said this shop hasn't changed at all in more than half a decade. It does good business though, located so close to the railway station makes it a popular spot for office goers and students. I really dont care about the ambiance if the food is good but well that is lacking too. Prices have been rising steadily over the years from 10 INR to 15 INR for a regular classic vada pav. More for other options. I don't mind that since street shops also charge 10-15 depending on their popularity. Thus, there is not much incentive for eating at Jumbo king as compared to street shops but I guess its still a much lesser chance at stomach problems. Food 3/5 Ambiance 1/5 Pricing 3/5 Service 2.5/5 grubzone.blogspot.com
Rated A joint which gives u a break from kfc n mc d at a cheap price. Only negative point is that there is no proper seating arrangement. Located just outside the borivali station east this joint put up to its name and prepares some amazing vada pavs with a twist which satisfies your taste buds to a great extent. Have tried Grill Jumbo King Szechuan Cheese Jumbo KINg Crispy veg jumbo king All the above items give a twist to the authentic vada pavs of amchi mumbai. A good twist of course. The items are quite cheap and two vada pavs are suffice to fill your tummy. Service is nice and quick. I hope they decide to open a joint where one can sit and enjoy their meal.
Rated The best innovated vada pavs ...love their combinations ...and very very budget friendly !!!!!!!!
Rated I visited this restaurant with my friends. It's ambiance is good. Service is also good but the food is more like ok ok...they need to improve the taste of their food....rest is ok...not bad though...
Rated I visited this place on ocassion of my parents anniversary. The ambience is good and well decorated due to Christmas week. The sparkling tables were catchy but the proximity between them is less. We ordered Veg. Balls in Five Spices, Chicken Xacuti Dry, Chicken Handi and Chicken Khamang Masala with roties. The appetizers Veg. Balls in Five Spices and Chicken Xacuti dry were delicious. Both were garnished with tomatoes, onion and capsium with difference in sauces used. Chicken Xacuti dry was a chef's recommended dish and it lived upto it reputation. I would recommend it too. Chicken Handi and Chicken khamang masala were sweet in taste, should have been a bit spicy. The rotis were damn soft, please make them a little hard. The courteous staff and it being a family restuarant makes it a good places for family outing. See you again.
Rated The ambiance is great but the service is quite slow but food taste just right not too good or not too bad I had veg but rest of my friends had non veg so non veg was great according to them Veg is what i would say "OKAY"
Rated A Decently Old Place Situated off Western Express Highway. Free Food (Friend's Farewell) ##LATE POST Food Ordered:- -Tadke Wala Tamatar dhania Shorba -Spring Roll -Veg Patiala -Lemon Grass Paneer Chilly -Paneer Tikka Decent place little Little over a higher pocket-y ends. Good Seating Decent Serve.
Rated This place is conveniently located near the Western Express Highway. Valet parking is available. This place has gone through a complete makeover and boyy, they really have pulled off the act well. The decor is classy, the ambience is good, the food is hot and spicy. There was a time some ten years back, when the owners car was the only car parked near the hotel, today cars are madly packed in the parking space. Maybe the good food and immaculate customer service have helped in making captive customers. Once upon a time, this place served only vegetarian food and beer( a tactical blunder), now they have evolved to serve all types of food. Back then, this place served as a second fiddle to the more prominent and flourishing Su-Swagat hotel. Today, this place has carved a niche of its own and is no comparison to the badly deteriorated shady place like Su-Swagat. What a complete turnaround !! The food is good, the waiters are friendly, they have a small party hall for 60 people approx, Overall a safe bet to have any kind of food and beverages. :)
Rated A decent place to have lunch/dinner with family/friends. Not a place where you will be shocked by the quality of the food but not worse as well. Good menu and decent staff who are available but you have to ask for them too often. Ambience adds more to this place. My experience was average here as far as the food is concerned.
Rated This is very nice place to have dine with family friends or love food is good services is nice and have something new in menus... So i would like to suggest you to go at this place and enjoy ur dine
Rated Nothing to write about the place or the service. Its like an udipi sort of. Decent nearby restaurant to satisfy immediate hunger. South Indian dishes are good. What needs speacial mention are the mocktails. They are something worth trying. And very different and unique than i have seen amongst many restaurants.
Rated The waiter asks u "Sir can u finish the dosa" ..well thats how long the paper dosa is. Good south Indian dishes accompanied with nice coconut chutney will satisfy your Sunday hunger..Although the staff is little unprofessional. .but it doesn't affect the food quality.
Rated It's nearby National Park in Borivali East. This place is normal Udipi fast food joint which sells multi cuisine dishes. Place is decent divided into AC and Non AC sections. Food is good, above average. Service is decent as well. We have been fan of rice preparations served here likes of Dal Khichdi, Tawa Pulao, Biryani. Quantity is something which sets this place apart from its competitors in the area. Pricing is pretty decent. Quantity justifies the cost as well. And location makes it pretty much accessible to anyone. Average Economical Joint for normal day office lunch.
Rated Basic place. One of the 100s of such restaurant in the city. It is located on station road so would be having great footfall. Never been inside though, always order food from here. Pav bhaji is great. Rest all is average
Rated Best manchurian Its like my second hme for foood You get very goood pav bhaji punjabi chinese The place is small but yet its tastyyy
Rated Good place to visit.. food served is also good. Had option for ac n non ac sittings. Home Delivery is quick. Its pocket friendly.. located near highway so its good fr people travelling away...
Rated We used to frequently order from this place when I lived in borivali.. Serves food veg for at an affordable price. I used to order sarso da saag and makke ke roti a lot from this place. Also lived the manchow soup they give. Good thing is they do customize if you have certain veg preferences regarding garlic.. All in all good choice to order if living nearby for veg food.. Not very great ambiance but for the price it will certainly fill up your stomach.. food.pixelsorcery.in
Rated I really enjoyed eating over here. I had gone with my friends over here and ate chicken biryani and it tasted much better than that I have eaten at other hotels!!!
Rated I guess their cook has changed. I used to love the chicken dum biryani of here, but now I won't even think of going back. Had ordered paneer biryani and chicken dum biryani, both had no taste except for being spicy, had chunks of big red chilly in mouth. Chicken garlic was nice, again it was not the same taste that we had earlier.
Rated One of the best places near my place.. Quality food and good enough ambience. Ordered a cream of chicken soup which was excellent but found chicken a bit chewy. Also the same with chicken tikka masala. Though the Fish Lasooni Tikka stole the show.. Loved it, but a bit disappointed with chicken dishes (Didn't happen before though)
Rated I have ordered triple Szechwan rice. Taste is good and service is on time. Rates are reasonable. The food is also packed nicely and the quantity is also good. Final verdict !!! Recommended :-)
Rated Salam Mumai has quickly become my go-to place for almost everytime I order for food be it comfort food or anything slightly fancy. Both Indian and Chinese. Till around a few months ago the neighboring 'Namaskar' was my all-time-favorite for Indian Chinese but since their prices have increase and quality as well as quantity have decreased, we've picked Salam Mumbai every time. Their soups are fantastic and a personal favorite is the Cream of Chicken soup which is surprisingly flavorful. Try the Burnt Garlic pot rice or their Kung Pao Paneer if you're into good Chinese food and for those of you who like Moughlai, the Non.Veg Tandoori platter is a total foodgasm. One of the few places where fish is regularly available and immaculately cleaned and cooked. The owners are pretty chilled out and polite. Plus, if you're not 100% satisfied with the food, they make sure to address your problem. 10/10 for customer care :)
Rated It was a Sunday and we were a group of 6 friends. We were hungry like hell as we spend the whole morning in the national park. We searched for nearby restaurants with decent ratings above 3.5. Saw this restaurant and decided to come here for lunch. We could not locate the restaurant instantaneously. When we found out, we saw it to be very small with 4 tables for 4 and a single table for 6. We were a bit off then. Then we ordered chicken tikka kabab, chicken crispy, vegetable crispy and vegetable sheekh kabab. We thought of ordering main course if only the starters were good. And I am not mudding, they were awesome. Each and every dish was top notch and perfect. The main course consisted of dal fry, egg masala , veg jaipuri, paneer lababdar, plain rice and butter roti. All the dishes were so tasty, were so awesome. The dal almost tasted like that at home. We had an wholesome awesome lunch. The owner was also very friendly and we enjoyed thoroughly.
Rated I won't make a comment about the ambience and staff service, this is not for fine dining. BUT, if your looking for a fast lunch or dinner, this is d place, probably the best eating joint in borivali east.. It's reasonably priced , and you won't be disappointed is any of there dishes .. I actually complained about them adding less chicken in the soup, they were nice enough to ask me if I wanted them to replace it , n when I denied , they gave us a discount on the bill.. Which certainly indicates that they care about customer retention.. I went in with actually zero expectation but am actually surprised and happy to find out about the place ..
Rated Being a resident of thane i often visit Borivali with my friends we ended up having a good lunch in this restaurant. Looking at the restaurant from outside seems OK but then once u enter have decent interiors. We started with there special soup ( Chinese) and i found it really good. also service was Quick ... Later on going through the Menu i found it typical with all dishes and lots of varieties... So i asked them to suggest us few good dishes which they did and turned out to be good. Overall a satisfying experience... will surely visit this place if i travel Borivali again.... Cheers keep it up!!!
Rated It is a good place to eat out. The food is nice. The variety of Parathas they serve is awesome. The service is good. The only thing it lacks behind is the Ambience. It is more like an outside eatery than a restaurant. I have been to this place numerous times with friends n sometimes alone. I have enjoyed the food each time I ate here. The Pizza Paratha n the Olive Jalapeño Cheese Parathas are unique n simply awesome. The variants marked as Popular are worth trying. All in all its a great place to go out with friends just for a meal.
Rated Paratha Zone is not as good as it's used to be. They have stopped caring about customers taste and they serve they feel like. I only like eating Tawa Pulav here.. Rest I won't even try again.
Rated A cosy place right by the Raheja estate in Borivali and has turned into a jaunt frequented by the IT employees looking to grab a quick snack in the midst of the drudgery that is their day. Offers a variety of paratha variants with the satndout being the cheesy chilli garlic paratha which will certainly tempt you into gorging more of those. It's a relatively new place and it's service could certainly be quicker but all in all, a nice stop for those paratha lovers. Cheers!
Rated A tiny little outlet at Borivali east. Specialises in parathas and north Indian food. It's a budget restaurant with good quality and quantity. Buy anything and it tastes so good. They serve some nice combos and offer home delivery too. Take any paratha, dal tadkaa or tava pulav. These just taste awesome!
Rated Banausic place to go to. Tasty food. Service is OK types, but quick. This restaurant is in Borivali east area, in the vicinity of National Park. Thus, it's very nice feeling to eat there, specially between November to February, during evening time, when weather is cool and they serve you with piping hot parathas. I normally go here. But please improve a bit on hygiene.
Rated a very good divertion towards your daily choice of cuisine,they offer a variety of combo meals and stuffed paratha's good in taste and quantity. palak lasuni is the best thing ull ever have here. overall : cheap and filling!
Rated One of the Best places in Mumbai, If you want the Delicious & Healthy food at the Same time. Have been Eating here for past one and Half year and never got Bored with the Taste. The Best Dum Biryani's in Mumbai. Reminds me of my time working in Hyderabad. I wonder how these people manage to Cook food soo good with no traces of oil, Love It. Nice and Friendly Staff. Good Place. Will Suggest it to any food enthusiastic Person.
Rated Good food for the price you pay. I had limited expectation while going to the place. And it met those. Variety stuffing for parathas. Good options. Avoid other stuff.
Rated One of the best place for paratha. never expected in borivali i ordered cheese chilly milly paratha , palak lasuni with plain paratha the taste was simply delicious Food - 4.5/5.0 Place - 3.0/5.0 Service - 4.0/5.0
Rated Good and tasty food but the price is little high. We order almost daily from here, delivery is good an fast. Tried almost every dish there and they never disappoint me. The combo meal and thali are good for 2 persons.
Rated It is a nice place just in front of mulund station in west with a very fine dining area and great service but food is not upto the mark. The ambiance is very elegant and seating is considerably spacious and good. The decor is well worked upon considering other bars on same lines. I was here one evening and I ordered a chicken tikka which came in without much delay. It was served with good presentation indeed but the marination was poor and also it was not reaching the depths of meat which was also not very tender. In all this place is good for cheap drinks in a real nice environment. Staff is also very good and helps you in all aspects. My Rating: 1. Food: 3.25/5 2. Service: 4/5 3. Ambiance: 4/5 4. Value of Money: 3.5/5 neverknowsbest.in
Rated Hello, This restaurant is situated bang opposite to the Mulund station in the west. I have been visiting this place for quite sometime. I have also ordered the food at my place in Mulund east. Overall, this is a decent enough place with ample parking should you require. The food in terms of taste is good and quanity is decent. I am not going to complain and criticize just for the sake of it. But if you are someone who's particularly conscious of the cooking medium etc then this place is going to score low because the chicken and egg dishes which I have tried were containing excess oil despite requesting the restaurant to put less oil into it. Apart from this, I won't mind going to this particular place or ordering the food once in a while if I don't have any other option. Ambience: 3/5 Taste: 3.5/5 Service: 3/5 VFM: 3.5/5 Thanks!
Rated This Place has always been in my favourite list. But my recent visit to Deepak was dissapointing. Waiter was lost in his own thoughts....he brought wrong brand of whisky twice. Also dishes are highly priced compared to decent bars and restaurant in the vicinity. However, the quality of food is good. I reckon this to be my one off experience. Overall this place is good and the location makes it an added advantage.
Rated Excellent service. Reasonable prices..good ambience..bang opposite mulund station...drum chicken is a must try dish here. The staff is courteous and helpful.
Rated Amazing food, very quick home delivery all over Mulund and a registration discount of 5% on all bookings. Very good ambience and ample car parking space.@
Rated We had a long day at work and wanted some feel at home kinda cooked food but better. Deepak is the place that yells that! Ordered for garlic pepper prawns, surmai tawa fry, mutton sukkha, rice bakhri, a perfect Friday night at the office! Awesome food and beer with a bunch of work colleagues...! The food and alcohol does not burn a whole in your pocket like how the other places do. It's a WinWin situation! You get the best of both! I have even gone to the restaurant to eat with my family, it's a very warm environment. The staff is very friendly. The seafood out here is definitely my favourite, HIGHLY RECOMMENDED, it's actually hard to choose from but seafood is my first choice...I remember when I ordered the Mongolian Chicken fried rice with the basa tawa fry at the restaurant, there were fireworks in my mouth! Deepak also does Chinese, moghlai, Tandoori and seafood. It's a good space to go and hangout after a long day....
Rated Well I got the opportunity to taste their food at one of my friends house party and boy was I blown away by the food ..I am a hard core non vegetarian so I am very particular about the chkn and fish kebabs and this place surely doesn't dissapoint at all. Time and again we have ended up ordering from here for every house party! Special mention to the star dishes . Basa tawa fry.....***absolutely smashing Drum chi Paneer kurkure tikka Crackling paneer Veg 65 Though I have never been to the place...but whatever I have heard from my frnds ...its a nice place with good service cheap alcohol and mouth watering food!what elz could one ask for !!
Rated So I was in Mulund with a few friends and wanted to grab a quick lunch ,I heard about this place called Deepak, got good reviews about it. Ordered for chicken tandoori in green masala, prawns koliwada, crackling paneer and butter chicken with roti. I was surprised how quick and efficient the service is. The owner and staff are very friendly. A good space to have a family get together and even parties. Food is spot on! Love how well spiced the food is. Highly recommend!!!
Rated I moved to Mulund from the north 2 years back. Nothing could match up the taste of chicken tikka I used to get back home until I ate at Deepak. The chicken tikka and pudhina Kebab are to die for. If you like fish, try the basa tawa fry. Tell them to make it a little spicy if you are fond of spicy food. It's one of my favorite dishes there. Other than that, the place is clean , staff is good and service is fast as well. If you want to enjoy this yummy food at the comfort of you home, you can just give them a call and they deliver it perfectly as per your needs and in good time!!! 😍
Rated I hadn't heard about this place till a couple of months back. I was in mulund and decided to catch up with some college friends. They asked me to meet them at Deepak opp the station. Was sceptical first but i am glad I went. The place is really nice. Its clean n very comfortable. But let's get to the main part the food, I think the food is fabulous. U must try the drum chicken and prawns tawa fry. The chicken Hyderabadi biryani was amazing too. I am a non vegetarian so I have not tried the veg items but the one thing I tried, crackling paneer, was really nice. The booze is not too expensive too. Had a really nice time all in all... I am sure to be going there every time i am in mulund for sure.
Rated Words fall short to describe dis gem!! Been a regular for ordering cakes for birthdays across n my entire family n frnds love der cakes. Bt dis year it was Lil spl since I wanted a customised cake for my mother's 50th bday. I called them n discussed abt my taste n preferences n trust me post that it was they who were doing all the talks suggesting me varied flavours n designs n den finally I agreed on the design suggested by dem n d flavour too n trust me guys des ppl kno der cakes best n once they kno wht is d customer preferences then there is no stopping to des guys...i hv added the pic of cake trust me guys it was equally yummy as attractive it is looking in the picture!! Everyone enjoyed the cake n were just raving abt the cake even after 4-5 days of the event!!
Rated A small place with a rustic vibe🖼 🏚that serves fresh cakes.🍰🎂 Located alongside a narrow lane with very less space for parking🚗, this place is like a hidden gem💎. My friend recommended their chocolate brownie.🍰 Not really a fan, but tried on his urge. 🤔They will heat it up for you in case you plan to have it over there, else if you are having takeaway, then do heat it a bit before you consume it.🔥 With molten goey chocolate inside, it is really nice and chocolate lovers would absolutely love it.💟 They have a decent collection of cakes and pastries.🍭🍢🎂🍰 One of the only places in Mulund east that serves cheese cakes. Value for money? Yes.💰💳👍
Rated I loved this place as they serve cheesecakes which are not really available in mulund west. They serve a variety of cakes with good quality. It's a really good bakery with cakes, breaks and snacks. The service is good and welcoming.
Rated Gr8 experience. Ordered chocolate vanilla customised cake on occasion of cousin's engagement which turned out well presentable and taste was also good. delivery was on time.
Rated When they opened this place, all they would market it as "live cakes".. Even they have a hoarding which says live cakes..so when I went there to check this out, by live cakes they meant freshly baked cakes..and they stand by it. I've been a regular here from past couple of years.. This is one of the few places where I opt for other flavours over chocolate.. Not that their chocolate isn't good.. But their cakes are way too moist and the flavours are really good.. White forest being my personal favourite! Currently, the best cake shop in Mulund east!
Rated It's located along a small street in Mulund east... Along ice cream shops and small restaurants ... And this place has its different aura and atmosphere created around itself.. The place is very good and the cake quality is also very good according to me.. It is a very good experience here , the service is systematic and timely.. Overall a very nice experience! Good job lads!
Rated A small outlet i came thru...while passing...but found a Good place must visit for all veg cakes..serves good varities of all veg cakes which are really tasty n scrumptious cakes n cheesecakes. Chocolate lover? Must have its chocolate mud pie to indulge for chocolate luv
Rated If you have heard of the term 'cakes made in heaven', this is where you can buy them. An array of amazing fresh cream cakes and pastries available for your taste buds and sweet tooths. You just can't be content with having a single piece, highly recommended.
Rated A pretty decent place... It's just average for me.... Had few pastries from here somewhere last week... And,frankly was expecting more but turned to b just ok.... Nothing great or exceptional and not even bad.... This may be because I have had better and more amazing eggless pastries.... But in mulund to talk specifically...It's really a good bakery.... Had New York Baked Cheese cake which was yyyuummm... Blueberry Cold Cheese Cake was good enough... Strawberry Cheese Cake was also well made.... ChocoChips was my personal favourite.... Overall... A decent place.... May not be my first choice.. But surely not the last choice as well...!!
Rated I like this place as they have best cakes and pastries ... We alarmist order all cakes from here only ... The texture of the cream on the cake is so smooth and so tasty that every persons would fond of the cake ... They have very best shapes and have various options in cake designs and also flavours ...
Rated I just love the chutney they give with vada pav, and once you eat a vada pav from this you will never like any other vada pav. 1 vada pav can be your lunch or dinner, pav is quite big. You can also try kokam sherbet here. Their first shop was in bhandup and now since almost a year or two they have their second shop in mulund.
Rated Arguably the best vada pav in mulund west...Vada is large in size and eating even 2 vadapavs can fill up your stomach..Place is always crowded and you will receive hot vadas from the kadai...The lasun chatni which comes with vada pav is also good...
Rated Once You eat bhau vada pav you wont find any other vada as good as this. I have been eating there vada pav since school days and they have still maintained there standard .There vada pav is not at very spicier side and the combination of vada ,red chutney and onion inside that bun makes a perfect thing. The size is big but it does not at all look like jumbo vada pav which we get in other places. You will find the place always crowded and you will getting your vada freshly prepared straight from kadai .
Rated I might go to the most costliest of restaurants in mumbai , but ek garama garam vada pav that will tingle my taste buds is what i will cherish the most being a hardcore mumbaikar !! This place is definitely one of the most popular food outlets knowing the fact that its always crowded (and if you have had a vada pav from here, you ll know its worth the wait) ... From every class going student..to nearby office goers, this place is exactly the local vada pav hub ! Great food...
Rated Was always curious why are my folks bragging about eating vada pav from here, but thanks to my bro who got me introduced to Bhau. I had visited their Bhandup branch & there was a huge line. I asked for a vada pav & having taken 2, it was big, worth the taste & its worth the price. It is very filling too.
Rated Now they have got a bigger shop opposite to talavpani, people can stand and eat there!!! Glad to see a franchise in mulund, same taste will always enjoy eating!!!!!
Rated It's one of the famous vada pav in mulund and had its franchise in bhandup as well, it's clean and hygiene, with the red (coconut Base ) chatni it's something you should try once.
Rated Bhau vada pav new for mulund (near station) since 2 to 3 year now. After eating bestvadapavs at best place in mulund i.e(mehul talkies,agrawal hospital,lalji.etc) this place can give certainly a tough fight to all in terms of taste , hygine and quantity. Excellent eat out specially red semidry coconut chutney. Its a mindblowing taste. More u eat better it tastes. Best part is it serve only hot vada and due to rush u need to weight for 5 min during evenings. I recoment to all atleast try once if u all are in mulund.
Rated It is a cute little place near mulund railway station in east. Very popular among people here it holds a great customer base owing to their preparations and variety available in menu. Ice creams are overall nice and better than what you get at most places. I was there one evening to try this place out and ordered black current almond and some chocolate ice cream of which the name I don't remember. But see the picture attached. Both were hood specially the black current almond sundae cone. It had a beautiful elegant taste which invaded and pleased my innermost tastebuds. Seating is nominal but appropriate and staff is also nothing to complain about. Overall highly recommended. 1. Food: 3.5/5 2. Service: 3.5/5 3. Value of Money: 4/5 neverknowsbest.in
Rated The variety that these people have in their menu has good uniqueness. The taste is great too. Their thick shakes, apart from the ice creams are also nice. Mostly crowded in evening. I Keep coming here..
Rated We used to hangout this place almost every weekend. Easy on pockets and joy of eating ice creams were best days! The sundaes and ice cream sandwiches are just damn good. Falooda is my friends favorite thing over here. Coming to my personal fav, thick shakes over here is just awesome!! :-D Overall a good place to have ice creams. Do try ice cream sandwiches :-)
Rated During college days,used to hangout with friends and had their ice cream,soda etc. French kiss an ice cream sundae was quiet good. Even softy was once popular. But more of reasonable and good to atleast sit with Frnds nd chat.
Rated Nothing exceptional or extraordinary that you get here. Just excellent tasty honest ice-cream and softies. The Coke float is a must have. A good place to take a pit stop during the hot afternoons.
Rated Best ice cream served here!!!! Tried almost every flavors including sum soda flavors!!!! Service is great, will always get crowdy here So will require to stand outside !!!
Rated Best and vintage ice cream parlours of mulund.. Butterscotch and chocolate thickshakes, ice slushes...cake ice cream..and many other varirties had made this place unique since years
Rated One of the places in Mulund that is worth a visit. Good place for an informal rendezvous. Get value for money with everything you buy here. Right from flavoured soda at 15 bucks(used to be 10 bucks before - but the quantity has increased with price) to amazing sundaes; a lot to pick from. Quantity and quality, both are satisfactorily good. They have a couple of chairs setup to accommodate a few pax.
Rated Been to this place a lot of times, amazing customized softies and ice cream cake. The only thing is that this place is not air conditioned, the service is good, it is quite a reasonable place, nice ice creams, waffle cones are quite crispy too. Slush and sodas are worth giving a shot too. A perfect place for college students to hangout for a while with some pocket friendly choices.
Rated Cakes are yummy. Ambience is also nice. Staff : not at all satisfactory. Also, there are no rate cards put up in this shop! Smart way to quote whatever money they feel like asking. Experience: 23/12/2015
Rated Need a cake? Go to these guys, probably the best in mulund. Stuff to try : Chocolate pastry, red velvet cc, blueberry cc, vanilla cc, chocolate cc. Dutch truffle cake. Soft and fresh cakes and fresh cream too. @management waiting to buy macarons from you. chroniclesofneha.wordpress.com
Rated great taste i must say i ordered for my sister a chocolate sponge cake it was very soft they have mouth watering cakes my sister and her friends loved it
Rated The cakes served here aren't like the regular ones that are served in the other cake shops. I had ordered one for my brother's birthday (ebony and ivory) and man I wasn't disappointed! The chocolate cup cakes just melt in your mouth. Even the red velvet cupcake mouthfuls are scrumptious!!!!!!! One of my friend's mum orders the amazing plum cake from the owner and that's one of the prime reasons I visit her house on Christmas!!! Hehehe! Go dig in ,don't bother about the calories! Plus the staff is pretty chilled out and helpful. Only reason for 4 ,I'm a monginis baby ....need some time to get over it!!
Rated I just live their minincup cakes.. Guys they bake real good cakes .. Good varieties.. Friendly staff.. Must try if you are in and around mulund...they also have varieties of party accesorries.. Which becomes a one stop shop for a birthday party or a bachelorette.. Would like to see more varieties of cake
Rated I had heard a lot about the cakes from v indulge and when they opened a shop I even heard that now its not as good as before. But given that there are not a lot of options in mulund to buy cakes from other than the standard branched shops like birdys and ribbons and balloons, I decided to try this one. A few weeks back for Ferraro rocher on my mom's birthday half kg for around 600 .. feels that pinch.. But wow the cake was really nice. Everyone loved it. And yest we decided to try pineapple .. The sweet is the right sweet for fresh cream cakes. And it's really soft. Nice option for cakes . but priced on the higher side. To add I would be a regular here :)
Rated Cup cakes are yummy N my that expensive tool cool indulgence!!!!! .
Rated Amazing cakes ! One of the best in Mumbai I would say. Although I found it a tiny bit expensive, but again its worth it in the end ! Would highly recommend the red velvet cupcake !
Rated 😍😍M visiting this place frm many years..they have renewed their restaurant.. d new ambiance is lovely💜..staff is really nice..food is good😚😇They have stil maintained their standards👍.over all this restaurant is good👍 to dine with ur family👪 n frnds👫...Ma favorite is Chicken clear soup,banjara kabab,VS Royal falooda,chicken biryani... 😻😻😘😘💜
Rated This place has been around in mulund since ages. It is known for its punjabi food but it serves many other cuisines. It has a private terrace which they rent out for parties. It is moderately priced. The staff is courteous and well behaved.
Rated This is well placed fine dine in Mulund. Expect a well behaved staff and guests as well. Great place for families. I have tried many dishes here and all are satisfying. My favourite is Murgh Musallam. All the best!
Rated Its has always been one of my favourites... A nice place for family dinner...great food and not very expensive...you can just walk in and order anything on the menu and never be disappointed..
Rated Very noisy always Even if you ask for a secluded spot it's not possible Quite high priced for a fine dine compared to other fine dines of the same area Food is decent, average. Paneer was a little over cooked All in all "ok fine" kind of place
Rated Being a resident of Mulund, can say that Vishwa Samrat is one of the famous place to lunch & dine. Been going to this restaurant many times since many years now. I must say that after their renovation, the restaurant has taken themselves to the next level. The clean, cosy ambiance & well groomed staff is welcoming. Service is quick. If you are a Vegetarian, ask for Vishwa Samrat Special Sabji. Have tried their Soups - Sweet & Sour, Tomato, Sweet Corn Chicken, Starters - Hara Bhara Kebab & Murg Pahadi Kebab, Veg & Non Veg Platter. Main course - Murg Patiala & Vishwa Samrat Special Sabji, Paneer Tikka Masala & many more. They are known for North Indian cuisine. The quantity is generous. Decently priced for generous portions is indeed a value for money. eatburp.com
Rated One of the old restaurants in Mulund which is sill going strong. It's a honest down to earth sort of restaurant. Food, especially South Indian food is guaranteed to be good and tasty and won't let you down. I have good memories growing up and eating here. There is a scope of improvement as far as the ambience goes but hey, it's not one of the fancy ones that you see with bad food. Honest food from the heart is all that matters so no complaints!
Rated These are the Hotels which make you scratch you head really hard as to what you should be writing in the review, cos mainly I have no complaints at all with this Hotel neither do I have anything specific to brag about it. Located in the very heart of Mulund W, a really old and famous Restro Bar, with good ambience, good service and good food. We had ordered Paneer Starter followed two paneer sabzi along with Naan and Kulchas and Jelly with Ice cream for the Desserts. Overall everything was good from service to taste. Overall verdict- Its a good hotel with everything in its place, you won't have any sort of issue and with the added bonus of Valet parking in such crowded place.
Rated Diwali party on terrace of VS , its right in centre of mulund , it was a vegetarian buffet nice food nice arrangement excellent service courteous staff , spacious enough to accomodate 80 of us 👍👍👍👍
Rated This place is in heart of the mulund just off 5 rasta.. It has serving mulund since years now..they have renovated there ambience and luks greater then it used to. Anything you order with panneer in it will be great for sure...soups are also worth teying over here.. Vallet parking available.
Rated Went their reading about it in zomato. Tried their ghee roast chicken, basa rava starter and chicken kuranji kabab. The pluses: - Quantities are awesome - Pretty decent ghee roast chicken Minuses. Way too many: - Kuranji kebab was outright bad. It was over burnt and not soft - The basa was not marinated for it to pick up taste of the spices considering basa is like a blank page on which anybody can write any flavor - The ambience was average. Not happening. Too loud. - The service was delayed Overall. Nothing to rave about. Do not travel >5 kms for it. If nearby you can give it a try but does not merit a revisit. 2.5 for me.
Rated The food is super delicious. I recommend the 'Banjara Kebab' & the 'Chicken Karela kebab' The fish specially 'Surmai Fry' is perfectly seasoned & tender & juicy. So if you love good sea food- you should definitely head here.
Rated This restaurant is located very close to my home, however I visited der yest on a new years eve since v wanted to have some goan food.. Firstly the restaurant was well decorated for d occasion.. N v got a table instantly..however later on it started crowding.. V ordered veg spring rolls and fruit punch..the spring rolls were crisp and tasty..fruit punch also tasted good.. Then to start wid goan food v ordered jumbo prawns, bombil rawa fry.. The jumbo prawns were huge n wen I had a bite of it, my taste buds loved them..it was juicy and the gravy tasted just perfect.. The bombil rawa fry was also good..it was fresh and tasty.. Then to have something in chicken, v ordered chicken special kabab..it was very much like d oder kababs I have had..but was tasty.. The service was quick and friendly.. The food was worth the price except prawns which was a bit expensive..
Rated This is one of the best restaurant in mulund to try sea food and other non veg food items. Must try this mouth watering starter called Chicken ghee roast. And in main course, prawns biryani. We also ordered some veg food but it was average. Service is good and friendly.
Rated First time visited here, from the name was not convinced... It is located on the LBS road, has very huge seating space with basement. Serves good non veg food, good to spend a time and also with family if you wish as it has a separate family zone. Try adraki chicken and chicken tandoor
Rated We had come on Christmas eve. It's not that spacious but has a good ambience. The food is really very tasty. Service is quick. A nice place with family and friends for lunch and dinner!!!
Rated Nisarga is like second home.Located on LBS marg,its a huge hotel.There is an inside as well as an outside sitting.The bar section is completely different.The ambience is lovely.For starters,chicken lollipop is a good try.The schzwan sauce is really spicy.Herbal fish and neer dosa is a lethal combo.The neer dosas are very soft and you should come early if you want to have them.The fresh lime juice is perfectly pitched.Overall,an authentic place for a family outing or with friends.
Rated It's a good place to hang out with friends. It's cheap and food quality is good. It is just another South Indian restaurant which can tickle ur taste buds. The bread starters we had were awesome. If I go to mulund I would visit this place again.
Rated My personal favorite. Must haves - fish pulimunchi with rice or neer dosa. chicken malvani, chicken ghee roast and lots of good sea food. One of the oldest and best family restaurants in Mulund.
Rated The cupcakes just melts in your mouth. Must try red velvet, kitkat and butterscotch flavoured cupcake. The creativity is outstanding. The price is reasonable too. Great work Ms Payal.
Rated Awesome cakes by Ms Payal..!! Customization available..!! Her cakes taste too good and are also fresh n soft..!! Orders are made quickly..!!
Rated our events are incomplete without bakestruck your cupcakes are too good my friends family like it the very much ............ that no words to express
Rated Birthdays are incomplete without Bakestruck. Absolutely love them! Recommend flavours: Redvelvet and chocomint ☺️ Amazing creativity Can never get enough of their desert jars
Rated One of the best cake makers who can make any kind of cake. The cakes and the cupcakes and definitely to die for. Must try the red velvet and chocolate fusion flavour!! It literally melts in your mouth. Yummy taste! Definitely recommended.
Rated Thumbs up for bakestruck. My brother just loved the cake. The camera, laptop, the SUPERSTAR thing. It was amazing how the cake had the design, that I wanted it to have. :) (y)
Rated I had a relaxed and fun filled evening at cypress after a long tiring day with my colleagues. But what made the evening better was the cold coffee and the kitkat shake served in this place. Absolute heaven. Coffee lovers should try it at least once. Kitkat shake was also a wonderful surprise as I happened to order it for the first time. People with sweet tooth should always go for it. It is also known for its freshly made juices and the best part is all of it at a very good price. :)
Rated KItkat milkshake is one thing you cannot miss out in karthik. It is like a meeting point for everyone. And the varieties of juices they provide is amazing. You should try the kitkat milkshake.
Rated Pretty good sandwhiches, dosas & pizzas A varierty of fruit juices. This place is really tiny though. But the location of this place is the best. Lovely weather, a cup of hot coffe & a plate of wada sambhar- what a beautiful morning!
Rated Well, I live near the restaurant but believe me the review is unbiased. There are two things to talk about 1)Food 2) Juices 1)Food- Excellent taste and service. You name it, any dish is served within minutes and with utmost care. One should definitely try their Onion Uttappa. They also use to serve Pav Bhaji but they closed it because of less space in the kitchen. People prefer toast or grill sandwich but in Karthik snacks I always eat Plain Sandwich. They got a duplex level sandwich. 2) Juices- Plethora of juices. Excellent taste and believe me when I say the taste literally stays in your tongue for hours. My favorite is Babli( Concentrated Strawberry shake + vanilla ice cream) and Sitafal MilkShake. When I am full I drink Plain Mosambi . The simplicity with which they serve Mosambi juice is unprecedented.
Rated Liked the chocolate milkshake here. Good place for a quick bite. Located at Cypress, a popular place in Mulund, so it's usually filled with youngsters in the evenings.
Rated They have so many varieties of juices and milkshakes. One of the best places for Juice lovers or I can say for diet-conscious people ;) The place is little price but the quality is really good. Very near to Cyprus jogging ground. This place is must after jogging ;)
Rated This rating is just for the juices over here..if you are really hungry then u can try your hand at dosas..but you really want to go over here for some amazing juices.. My personal favourites are.. coffee blaster, sitaphal kiwi...strawberry kiwi.. ganga jamna.. plain sitaphal as well :)
Rated Been here, its quiet famous fr its juice nd milkshakes. The kiwi strawberry juice is recommended by mny, I had usual juice like Gangajumna-orange pineapple one, coconut juice etc. But the seasonal fruit juice are best they say. The food section is also started and the Mysore dosa is tasty,even the grill sandwiche. But would recommend Southindian dish.
Rated Nice Vegetarian food with affordable price. Value of money. You can drop in in office lunch hours. Food is really good. Ambience is OK as its in commercial building but overall i ll rate 4.
Rated Best place for take away and home delivery food for people staying near to this restaurant. They offer various veg option with reasonable price and good quantity , quality food.
Rated Everybody has that one udipi restaurant in their area which comes to their rescue when random hunger pangs strike, one is too bored to cook, mummy isnt home and like me can only include maggi noodles and maggi pasta in their 'List of things i can cook without burning down the kitchen'. Well, Guruprasad happens to be mine. I might've ordered from this place a million times and will order a million times more. Easily 4-5 times a month. Sometimes i get scared the order taker would know my address by heart and ask me dont we make food at home lol. Anyway coming to the food, its the usual idli-dosa, Udipi Punjabi, Indian Chinese, Indian Mexican, Indian Italian, Indian French fare that's on offer. The food is yum. Quantity is huge. And it almost always doubles up as my next meal. Except the medu vada everything I've ordered has been good. The medu vada always tastes sour which is a shame for an udipi restaurant that serves up such yummy food! My staple orders include the mysore masala dosa (HUGE), veg biryani, PBM, and the veg cheese grill. The actual restaurant i might've visited just twice. It is decent, neat and clean but its more popular for its home delivery which is super quick! Its hard to walk around in the area and not spot at least a couple of guruprasad delivery guys zipping around on their cycles lol. So that it in itself speaks volumes about its quality. And oh yes it is reasonably priced too.
Rated Slightly over priced but no compromise with the taste. Enough place for ur family and friends . decent service . one of the gud restaurant to visit in this part of the city .
Rated This place is ma favourite since d time I was a kid..food over here is our standing😘😘👍best for south Indian food..Sambar is suerp awesome👌 in love with d sambar💝😇💋 ma all time favorite is rava masala dosa,pav bhaji,idli chilly,paneer kofta,kulfi falooda...💘💗💃staff is good😊 service is quick...😄love this place 😀🎉🎈
Rated Have had dinner here couple of times now. The service was quick and the food was delicious. Also they serve complimentary papads before the order is served. I love the Veg Biryani here. They also keep refilling raitha or other side dishes as they keep getting over. Prices were reasonable too. I prefer sitting outdoors than sitting inside. More airy and spread out and will find more space to stretch your legs.
Rated Had just a masala dosa here, was much better than some other restaurants in the area. Ambience is alright, decent crowd, normal prices, good service.
Rated Very good food and ambience ! Bit costly but worth it ! Have tried dal tadka,bhendi fry,paneer tikka masala and paneer crispy! All of them have turned out to b wonderfull !! A must try joint for vegetarians!!
Rated Guruprasad is like any other local fast food joint that people have in the vicinity. The ambiance is average, people are usually here just for a quick meal. They have an AC and Non AC section for people to choose from. Enter the place and the aroma of fresh buttery Pav Bhaji fills your senses. The menu consists of south indian food, snacks, chaat, sandwiches, pizza, burgers, indo chinese, north indian food, juices, milkshakes and other non alcoholic beverages. But from all of the above, the safest bet is the pavbhaji. Second option could be south indian but its does taste that great. I would rather go to Thambi for some yummy idli dosas. Chinese would be the crappy Chinese full of MSG so if you are ok with that then sure. Pavbhaji is the only thing i have here and its pretty good. Decent size serving and much bigger breads than most other fast food joint. 90 bucks a plate isn't cheap for a run down joint like this but at least it tastes good enough. For a quick snack the cost would be close to 100 INR a head and more if you are having a full blown meal. Wouldn't recommend anyone to travel a distance for this place. If in the area then it is a option. Cant even say a very good one. To give a scale of comparison, it would be a notch lower than a shiv sagar.
Rated The food taste is really good, specially the buttery paav bhaji!!!!! quality and quantity wise they too high..... Ambiance is good!!!!! Will try again
Rated It's the best egg breakfast the city is blessed with. The waiting line for this place in Sunday mornings is a fact to the mouthwatering food this place serves. We started with their specials which was lemon tart shake. Little sweet but packs lemony flavor all inside. Next was mushrooms on toast. Its the yummiest filling of mushrooms i have had paired with toast. The way the mushrooms were cooked as a topping which was neither a paste nor whole pieces make it worthy. Next was Turkish eggs - poached eggs with humus served with pita bread. The combo of egg with humus was wonderfully tasty and the pita bread was a perfect way to dip in to. Next was truffle oil and chilly oil cheese scrambled eggs with toasted bagel. Perfect man it was sooo good I am pretty sure no one in Mumbai serves eggs like this place does. Last was pesto scrambled eggs burger actually sliders. Only 2 suggestions - remain true to eggs and don't serve sausage, salami and the stuff because eggs is the novelty. 2nd please introduce more stuff with eggs.
Rated Tucked away in a little street in Kala Ghoda is this cosy place that serves the best food I've had in sometime! Eggs Kejriwal are my favourite, you have to try when you go here. I also like Salli par eendu, a typical Parsi dish with eggs topped with some fried potato sticks. Since we went here for breakfast, we had to have waffles. The Belgian waffles with Nutella on the side are quite fresh. So fresh that I could taste the egg in it, not that I'm complaining, it was something different. I saw this cheese- heavy sandwich on the next table, that's something I'd like to try next time!
Rated Amazing place ....... Someone suggested this place for breakfast .... Even gone through zomato it has good stake on it. And actually its worth to visit place.... Ambience is vintage mixed. Comfortable sitting arrangements which is very less places having in Bombay. Masala tea n donut no doubt such fantastic combination. Tasty yummy delicious donuts. The nutty spaghetti must try item. Its spaghetti with nutcrackers. Cottage cheese sandwich it has serve with hot tasty smoky barbeque sauce. Highly recommendable place....
Rated A small place full of awesomeness! We had a classic grilled cheese sandwhich which was stuffed with melted red cheddar, monterey jack and mozzarella cheese and a warm lebanese sandwhich. Seven layer cookie was our dessert. 4.5 for their tasty lip smacking food and good service.
Rated The place is really small. The seating is a bit congested. The food was good. We tried smoking peprika pasta, egg kejriwal, lava shake and passion fruit with mint cooler. Both the dishes were good. The passion fruit with mint cooler was more on mint than passion fruit. The lava shake was good. The interiors of the place can be worked upon. Considering the interiors and the seating arrangements the place is a tad bit expensive.
Rated Small space in south Mumbai. Randomly visited this with a friend. Cool place with descent crowd. We had Eggs kejeriwal (seeing the name :p) it's good and then we had one more.. ;).. Good for small conversations with friends ... Ankit Paradise
Rated Nutcracker is a seriously small sized cafe at Kala Ghoda. Situated in a small lane it was bit difficult to find for us 'non townie' folks. After waiting for 15 minutes, we managed to get a place on a table, squeezed between a group of college kids. The owner watches over as each dish comes out of the tiny kitchen and approaches few tables as well. The menu packs a punch with dishes like eggs kejriwal, good ol Akuri on toast, variety of sandwiches and desserts. I must recommend the Black bean burger, breakfast quesadilla and really chocolaty seven layer cookie. This is almost a vegetarian place with the exception of egg items. Kind of disappointment for the carnivores but taste of Nutcracker's dishes make up for it. Service is quick and food is tasty. We leave with full stomach and smile on our faces. This quaint little cafe demands a second visit! thenomadicgourmet.com
Rated Where should i start! Wonderful, tasty and well presented food. Ordered salli eggs, eggs Kejriwal (no affinity towards a namesake), asian salad, Mix sauce pasta and buttermilk pancake. Pasta was the weak link otherwise all others were simply mindblowing. The experience ws unique and the ambiance sets it right. The service was initially fine, but once the crowd started pouring in, we felt a bit unattended. Recommendations: definitely try out Salli eggs and the pancake. Delighted!
Rated It's definitely not my first visit to this place but yes it's the first time I am writing a review about it and hence excited. I love this place, the ambiance, the food, the staff, the decor, the service is just upto the mark. I Love LOVE fish and chips here. It's so fresh and divine in taste. Yum yum. Can't wait to try the other Indigo Deli branches just to see how the decor is😁
Rated Wooow yummy dinner with such amazing delicacies ...the pizzas the rissotto...too tasty...and the moctails not 2 forget...i love the food the taste...and the ambience...all in one...one in all...
Rated Loved this place! Open kitchen, relaxed ambience, quieter than the mall it is in! The food was absolutely amazing! The lemon iced tea is amongst the best I've tasted so far. And the pizza... Wafer thin pizza is crisp, thin and looks and tastes like a piece of heaven! Sigh. Bruschetta and aglio olia pasta was good too. We will definitely go again.
Rated Me and my friends were wanting since long to come here and finally we came in on a sunday. The ambience is awesome and so is the food. They have a Sunday special drinks and food menu. 2-3 cocktails are on one on one offer. We took the Grape Caprioska wid Australian grapes. For food, we had the Barbeque Burger and Garlic bread. The burger is quite filling after which we dint even have space for dessert. :) A place i would definitely visit again.
Rated I was here for lunch during my official trip 2 weeks back. I ordered the poached pear salad and was blown away. This the best salad I have EVER eaten or can hope to eat. In fact, it is the best dish I have eaten in a long, long time. I ordered grilled chicken which was very, very good. I loved the food and will visit the Delhi outlet for a meal soon. I couldn't have the ice cream though because it hadn't spent too much time in the freezer by that time. The service was great. Ambiance is superb. bulsgonebonkers.co.in
Rated The ambience is nice. The staff treats you well. But the pizzas - it has waffle thin crust pizzas are not good at all. Though I liked the desserts. However it's an expensive place.
Rated Nice place and the interiors give a feeling of italian cafe. The place is quite spacious. Coming to food - it's strictly ok. We had ordered fusili and some corn jalapeno burger which were average. The menu has very less veg options. Staff is friendly and service is apt.
Rated I had never tried this 'so famous' resto chain and finally when I was in Inorbit thought to give it a try. Place was almost empty maybe because it was a Friday evening. I liked the interiors of this place. Simple and still quite soothing and wonderful. I had heard good about their Philly cheese steak sandwich so went for it. Before that they had given me a bread with butter to eat. Sandwich I ordered was very good. Only the mustard sauce which they used was a bit sour to my taste. Can't comment on food and beverages more as I was done only in one sandwich. I enjoyed my time here. Would love to visit again and try out different dishes as well as booze.
Rated Pretty little place, I've been here thrice. Have had the breakfast bread basket which is good. The Deli Chilli Cheese Toast - nothing great Roasted vegetables sandwich - good Peanut butter jelly sandwich - good Their ice creams are fresh and change daily. Definitely try! Also, a little too expensive.
Rated This was a good restaurant to enjoy a quiet fine dining experience as it was surprisingly empty on a Saturday night. We ordered a Risotto and a Ravioli dish which was semplicemente Italiano! One has to order individual dishes which is an uncommon concept in India but tried,tested and loved in Europe. Hence the quantity is compromised if one were to share. But to each his own! The staff were pleasant fellows and why wouldn't they be? After all, a meal at Indigo Delicatessen is an expensive affair.
Rated Happy and chirpy place! Went there during Happy Hours, an excellent decision. We ended up ordering 3 pitchers of beer. The offer of one plus one applied, that set us right with six pitchers of beer! Also ordered Chicken Salami, Veg Deluxe and Italian veg pizzas. Thin crust and good taste! The music here isn't blasting, so good ambience for conversation as well. A good visit!
Rated NY Bar N Grill 👌Awesome break-out joint and my first visit to any such happening place in Mumbai. The place is unique with a tremendous energy & I loved being here. I watched the first innings of the India Vs Australia T-20 Cricket Match and drafting this review during the intermission. I am sure INDIA will beat the Aussies tonight. About NY Bar & Grill Well, I landed this afternoon in Mumbai and I hardly know much places out here. My visit to this awesome place was 'by chance' as my original plan was to walk up till Chopatty but on seeing this place enroute, I was inquisitive to step in. And wow !! The atmosphere was electrifying when I stepped in. The place was jam packed with the INDIAN tri-colour being waved by few enthusiasts who had come to enjoy their evening here. The DJ was ever ready to press in loud music the moment any Australian wicket fell. Delicious Black Pepper Chicken Celebrating my first day in Mumbai, went in for a beer and black pepper chicken starter. It was hot and spicy. Good to taste. The hospitality out here is excellent and I met the owner of the place too. A very fine man & he was proud to see such fantastic response from all the people who had gathered there to enjoy their evening. 👍Excellent experience. Hope to get back here again.
Rated NY Bar & Grill does away with the Pool tables and sports-bar vibe it was long famed for; instead attempting to replicate a more sophisticated Resto-Bar appearance (think on the lines of Irish House). And respectably so--after all, most businesses need to metamorphose with the times to remain relevant, particularly considering the extremely competitive South Bombay food scene that sees new and exciting additions popping up ever so often. That said, the place itself looks a lot like Irish House; which is a good thing (in a way). The overall decor is alright, but the chairs and tables could be a lot more comfortable. The music played is of the commercial, dance-pop variety. Sporting events are projected live on a wall-hanging screen for the sports enthusiasts. However, with all these major changes come major price bumps. While not totally unreasonable, the prices charged for food and drinks at NY Bar and Grill are a bit on the higher side considering the actual quality. The food isn't bad, and they do put out some delicious dishes like the Cheese Fries (surprisingly good); but majority of the dishes are underwhelming. Avoid ordering the Pastas, Burgers, and Nachos. It would make a lot more sense for college students and office goers alike to visit NY Bar & Grill during the Happy Hours than otherwise. They have some very inviting schemes to attract those looking to unwind during the day, throughout the week. For Friday & Saturday nights, however, I'd give this place a miss simply because it offers nothing that other places around town don't.
Rated Music, drinks and food good! Almost a daily weekend haunt for my food cravings. Meat lover's lasagna and The Grilled Chicken in Dill Sauce is a personal favorite. We also ordered chicken poppers but I think the dip doesn't do it any justice. The music goes perfectly with the ambience. A good place to have great weekend dinners :)
Rated One of my favourite oldies. Beer with mates and play Pink Floyd on Juke Box. This time I ordered Kheema with half fry omelette on top and it was the best combination I had for long time. I also tried their chicken burger which was good enough.
Rated One would certainly not expect this place to exist right above its dull and silent sister Cafe New York. I was pleasantly surprised to see the vibe this place has - with good music, good food and decent crowd. Small in size, it's fairly packed even on weekdays. The service is a bit slow and the waiting staff looked unable to handle the demands of the patrons. Pictured below is Spicy Smoked Chicken Sausage which was not spicy at all (thankfully) but absolutely delicious.
Rated Preferable to visit this place during happy hours. Place is dark but has a good edm music. It has AC section which is on the first floor and non-ac on the ground floor. Crowd is quite good and manageable even after serving drinks so cheap. Good place one must visit it.
Rated Good food, good music and nice ambience. The only thing which was missing was dance floor. The music was perfectly fine for dance floor. Although all in all a nice place to have good food.
Rated Went here on a hot weekday afternoon to gulp down a few chilled beers the place still had a few customers even at the odd hour...finger food and chicken was good beer chilled... Match on TV.... All that I wanted on that day... :-)
Rated An expensive but good place. The ambience is really good and the music also. It is a small place so if you are in a group of more than 5 avoid this place. The service is slow. Visit during happy hours.
Rated Had heard a lot about this place, famous as Bill Clinton had visited. Ordered the Garlic Bread, it was very good. This place is famous for SIZZLERS. Hence ordered their most famous sizzler. GOLDEN VEG PATTIE SIZZLER. The pattie was nice and crispy but cold. The Veggies were hot and the French Fries were chewy and hard. Overall not so happy with it The sauces were nice and lemon ice tea was standard. Ambiance very nice Staff is very good and friendly. They did offer to give replace the fries I would not visit again, but one can visit once cause of the hype
Rated With an experience of close to 100 years you would expect the service to be impeccable but, I did find quite a few lapses... There was no one two wait on you when you enter.. I had to ask three different waiters before I got a place.. then some of the starters we ordered weren't available and they let us know about it after 10 mins... The food is good.. the veg bagel sandwich was very nice.. the pastas were good but not spectacular.. the pattaya chicken was ok.. it was an average experience.. not worth the cost..
Rated Visited cafe royal after close to a decade. They have renovated the place but the layout stays the same. This place offer up Indian, Chinese and sizzlers. We were a group of 7 so didnt really mind the slow service. Ordered the garlic paneer and nachos as a starter both were average. The cocktails were again very average. My wife ordered the garlic yoghurt chicken which was tasteless. They really need to improve on the starters and tandoori dishes. The best part of the meal were the sizzlers, we ordered for the Queso Blanco and the Paneer shashlik, both were cooked really well, the paneer patty that they used just melted in the mouth and the sauces were delicious. We had ordered for the extra sauce but they forgit to serve it. In summation, i would go to this place just for the sizzlers, they have to improve a lot in terms of service.
Rated Went here with some business colleagues recently. They have made many changes here. They have removed to sofas and made room for more tables. It does look less elegant than before but looking at the crowd it sure seemed like a good business decision. And I think the crowd is well deserved. I ordered the Paneer Shashlik sizzler which was brilliant.
Rated This is one of the very old restaurants in Colaba. Their Sizzlers are always been talked about. Yesterday, I finally got a chance to come here and eat! The ambience is really nice and the place looks very well maintained. Cleanliness, hygiene, cutlery and the furniture looked neat. Even though we reached the place at around 11pm, the manager welcomed us with a smile and escorted us to a table. The staff was courteous and very helpful. We had to shift from the previous table as it was really cold (right under the ac duct). Vegetarian- we had the 'Ground to round' sizzler, golden vegetable patty with a very nice garlic sauce, veggies, jalapeño stuffed with cream cheese sauce and rice. The patty was soft and the sauce was extremely tasty, not like the typical garlic sauce which is sweet. Non-vegetarian- We had the 'Harissa Chicken Sizzler'. We were a little confused as to which one to have, hence the manager suggested to try the Harissa sauce- medium spicy. It was an extraordinary sizzler, very well made chicken steak; extremely tender and juicy. And the sauce was really tasty- if you want to try something new other than the garlic sauce, go for the Harissa. The service is a little slow- hence the above rating.
Rated An old time favorite and used to love grabbing a bite here while my friends were going berserk drinking at HQs. Now more of a mixed bag, but it's well worth taking that chance and being pleasantly surprised. But I do believe they should move beyond the Clinton legacy and get more inventive :)
Rated They serve one of the best sizzlers in town.. A must try for all visitors and locals.. Quality has been consistent. I was bit disappointed with the service, but overall a good treat..
Rated Good Ambience... Located Bang opposite Regal cinema... South Mumbai... It has a lounge on the first floor. Good place for family to go and dine.... Must have in veg cuisine - Manchow soup, A LA Napoli pastas, signature sizzlers, Chinese cuisine, Ice tea, Chocolate brownie and other desserts are delicacy here.... Must go once and enjoy the food...
Rated We were taken by a nice surprise right from the cream of spinach soup that we started with. Ordered the chicken shaslik sizzler as suggested by zomato reviews and realised it was totally with it. Also, the grilled chicken sizzler and prawn tawa sizzlers were really good. Overall experience- despite the slow service, we ate and drank wayyyy more than we ever meant to!
Rated Awesome place packed on a sunday night! Make sure to have a reservation before you go Tried chicken green peppercorn..was delicious Then ordered chicken shaslik sizzler.. Was good again Then had chicken grilled sizzler..njoid this one more than shaslik! The winner dish was butter chicken naan..naan stuffed with butter chicken and served with creamy butter chicken gravy alongside!
Rated Well this is one my regular hangout places .. alcohol is good and cheap .. Appetisers are yummy and worth it .. music can be a bit better. .
Rated It was a quick and short visit here with a friend on a weekend , a well spread place with dark though not a negative for ambience, we got a seat to the extreme right of the bar, as we personally opted out the high seated chairs, good service, very cooperating and gentle staff as we were very nosy and picky about our vegetarian choices! 😛 food was okay, pizza was niceeeeee, fries could have been little more hot... 😀 Meghna Khandelwal
Rated One of the liveliest places in Mumbai. It would be unfair to rate this place on the basis of their food as it simply offers too much. With it's super lively dance floor, extremely spacious and well aired open space and amazing bar and fantastic service, Tap will definitely be my first choice for a Friday night. The finger food like chicken tikka, chicken chilli is well prepared and complements the beverages well. All in all, Tap at Bandra is a MUST visit for all party animals.
Rated When you look for a party place it's all about the ambience and music rather than food. Because you'd not really understand the taste after few drinks! So yes, let me tell you about the atmosphere here. It's dull on weekdays just like all other places. But yet it's a good place to sit and chill with your friends having a beer! Rooftop seating is something very amusing. Also the music is quiet decent. But on Friday and Saturday nights this place is THE place! Crazy music crazy people! I would suggest you to go with a reservation. Cheers!
Rated Food- 4/5...lip smacking it is Ambiance- 5/5 ..you could not ask for better Staff- 3/5..very courteous Location- 3/5..it is quite a task to locate it in the mall itself. Good food,soothing ambiance and music that would really set your mood on!! What else would you ask for? One of the best resto-bars in mumbai. Be it vegetarian or non vegetarian food,they mange to serve you stuff cooked to perfection hitting your taste buds at just the right spot. Must try's would be most of their finger foods; Chicken fajita and tequila chicken were best among the stuff we ordered.Drinks are quite reasonably rated and they tend to have a large variety of cocktails, mocktails and liquor. Right from escorting you to your table till serving you your drinks with lot of etiquette and manners,the staff here does a great job. Ambiance is damn amazing especially the roof top open seating's and the bar counter which are planned and designed really well. Verdict Can be a bit heavy on pocket but is totally worth it.
Rated I am new to the city and so are my friends after a 20 mins discussion and research we decided to check in here. Since it was a sunday we were scared if we will be allowed as stag entry is a rare thing but luckily we were allowed till 7:30 indoors and then we were asked to shift out on roof but we were cool with that. This place is difficult to reach with private vehicle as the area is crowded but when we reached we found a valet who parked car so we were lucky here too. We didnt experiment with drinks, as we ordered standards and for food we stuck with starter stuff. Overall experience was good and would suggest you to go as not only ambience is good but crowd is decent too and the place is VALUE FOR MONEY.
Rated One of the best Restro Bars I've visited in India. It gives awesome experience by giving multiple enjoyment options in roof top open space, roof top closed and closed sitting and dance area. The food is good and service is super fast. Highly recommended to visit in Mumbai.
Rated Location : on the main linking road and top of global fusion Valet parking : avaliable Food : good Drink : good Pricing : reasonable Service : good Ambience : perfect Verdict : must visit
Rated Having visited their andheri branch, I had huge expectations. Have to say, you guys lived up to them. Great food. Great alcohol. Most of all, so reasonably priced. The drinks here are extremely cheap during happy hours. For food, we went for prima Vera pizza, fries, veg Fajita Fury and penne pink sauce pasta. Everything was delicious. Great work, team tap! The staff is extremely generous.
Rated This is one of the best places I've been to so far. The ambience is literally the best thing about this place, it's so cozy and makes you feel at home. The service is caring and quick as well. The restaurant was actually completely empty as we went on a Monday evening, that may be one of the reasons for the good service. The food we ordered was cheese nachos, arrabiatta pasta and fresh lemon juice. The nachos were really crispy and fresh, as if they were freshly baked and the salsa enhanced the flavor of the nachos even more. The arrabiatta was something unusual, but in a good way. It was a arrabiatta pasta I've never had before perhaps because it was a bit spicy, a little Indian touch to the arrabiatta sauce. The drink was perfect too, do look forward to try more at this place!
Rated Riso has a beautiful look from the outside itself, the decor is very welcoming and the whole restaurant has a nice warm vibe , it being veg still doesn't stop from eating the amazing food it has to offer .
Rated After having visited quattro multiple times, we wanted to explore its neighbour RISO. Pros: We ordered nachos with melting hot cheese but the cheese was cold. When we told the waiter he said he can get it re-heated. Any good place would have apologised and replaced the dish. 2. Our next dish was jalapeno cheese melt which was fantastic 3. Broccoli soup was also good 4. Rissotto was fantastic 5. Pizza was okay. Lil more spicy than regular The biggest disappointment was their service. How can a fine dine place afford to have such lethargic and ill-mannered service staff. 1. We pressed calling bell multiple times but the mAnager was busy watching an ipl match and dint even pay attention to the bell. We pressed it 3 times continuously but nonresponse. We finally had to shout and call him 2. When the waiter was picking plates from a 4-guest table, he asked one of us to pick the plates and pass it. This is d most disgusting part. You are charging us service charges, then how can you be so casual about service. Overall okay food, very bad service.
Rated After d great success in vashi, Riso is now open in lower parel, Riso is serving pure veg authentic italian & Mexican food, in food my fav here is jalapeño poppers & nachos which was so yummy, ambitious was so cool here, quick service, nice staff, great place for italian & Mexican lover.
Rated Having tried Quattro some time back, we checked into Riso after hearing some good things about this place. Ambience - beautiful! Loved it. Quality of food - Good overall Price - 1.1 k pp avg We tried 3 of their mocktails - V chilled was superb. Royal Hammer n Kontiki also didn't disappoint. So it's safe to say that they serve good mocktails! We had habanero potato which had Indian flavor to it and was good but not great. Crema di fungi soup was strictly ok. Julia Roberts pizza was decent too. The best of the lot were Ceasar Salad and Gnocco! Must try I may say! Being a weekday, we didn't find it full which was good for us as we could eat peacefully. Would like to come here again for sure!
Rated Warm welcome. Gone on Working day with little early @ 7:30 evening. Soup with perfect taste , taste what I was looking got here. Lovely pizza crispy in prefect taste.love to visit again
Rated Loved this place especially the mix sauce pasta with spinach ravioli 😍 Been here twice this week and it definitely satisfies the taste buds . The quantity is good enough and also efficient service .
Rated Superb Italian cuisine. Pink pasta is one I crave for when I'm at Riso. Riso provides you with too many options and just to try the ones left, you'd definitely want to visit this place again!
Rated RISO is located on the main road , opposite palladium . It has a very cute waiting room even the resto is beautiful and has sufficient sitting area. The service is efficient , but coming to food nothing great , we had the Mediterranean soup which was just fine , it was like vegetables in clear soup. The pizza's were just fine ,nothing really great.
Rated JUSTIFIED TASTES !!! ... The place reminded me of 'Abbots Pizza Company' in Los Angeles. Especially the entrance of Riso. Anyways... the place is amazing in terms of food quality and superb staff service. Nice crockery too :) The Lebanese delicacy is awesome. Coming to italian section... the garlic bread which is most common item everywhere, was made with a little different type of preparation. Every table has a small machine (gadget) placed using which you can call for waiter and also call for bill. ...THANK GOD FOR VALET PARKING. The only negative side i see is the noise that escalates during peak hours... Maybe you wanna come on a quite day and enjoy the amazing food and ambiance. Overall... a gr8 place. Ratings : Food: 4.5/5 Staff Courtesy: 5/5 Ambience: 4/5
Rated This is an all veg Italian food place. Ambience and service is good. Their menu is varied. Mushroom soup was average but Tomato soup was good . Pizzas are baked in wood-fired oven as stated on the menu. Pizzas are very good. Nachos wth Cheese was also very good and not the standard fare served at other restaurants. Average meal is Rs 500/- to Rs 700/- per person. Worth visiting repeatedly.
Rated Situated bang in the middle of a busy road, this popular Italian joint seems to have focused on the gujju crowd of the locality with its pure vegetarian food. Nevertheless that wasn't an issue for me as I prefer Italian in vegetarian. Parking would have been painful while visiting this restaurant , if not for their valet. The issue, however came in the form of the crunched seating and little privacy. Well, going through the extremely extensive menu, it's literally impossible to decide a dish without being doubtful about your choice. The fancy names of the dishes do not help you in taking this decision either. After being extremely confused and impatient for food, we decided to go for the nachos with cheese and salsa sauce as our starter dish. Yeah yeah, we ordered mexican food in a famous Italian restaurant, but we did not regret it. The nachos were good, though not the best I have had with generous amount of cheese. The salsa sauce was a little sweet, but went just fine with the nachos and cheese. For someone with a tiny appetite like me, one plate of nachos here ,shared between two of us was a lot. For the main dish, we ordered for Pasta del barone, penne pasta in bechemel, tomato sauce, red chilli and Parmesan cheese. This was a suggestion from my friend who had been here before. It was pretty disappointing, as the sauce tasted like a paneer makhani gravy! My friend did not find the taste to be the same as when he had had this dish before. Did the quality here deteriorate? As this was my first visit, I will never know. The dishes are pricey, but the quantity is also a lot. With my expectations too high, this was a fairly disappointing experience.
Rated Had heard a lot about this place.. So finally went to this place on a sunday.. Decent ambience.. Good service.. Good and easy to locate.. So we called for a pasta named puttanesca as recommended on zomato.. Pasta was decent.. Not extremely different or unique which ideally shud have been the case.. We called for a pesto pasta.. Again.. Pretty regular.. Not bad at all.. But we were expecting it to better.. I have had better pastas at Quattro.. Italy in a box.. If u ask me.. It seems to be a little hyped place.. Food is not bad.. But nothing exceptional to pay abt 600rs per pasta.. We called for a desert.. Panna cotta.. (Ignore the spelling).. This was good.. Cost for 2 as suggested by zomato is 1400 with alcohol.. Which obviously is not true.. On an average a portion of pasta will cost u 550-650.. Add a starter or another portion of pasta and a desert to it and u will exceed the average cost that too without alcohol..
Rated One of d best Italian veg joint. Wide variety menu. Also have some sizzlers, Mexican n Lebanese dishes Mushroom / broccoli soup / Ceasar salad are creamy n nice. One of d best hummus. Pizzas are thin n crispy, you can opt for different crust as well. Pastas are available just the way u want. Caramel cream, chocolate bomb will satisfy your Taste buds. Jain food options available. Ambience is ok. Good service.
Rated It was surprisingly vacant on a Saturday evening. We ordered for Lasagna which was good, however could have been better had it been served with Garlic Bread. Next we ordered for Kiwi+Litchi juice which a little too sour. Next was Tacos which was okay (have had better ones) and quantity was too less (4 small ones to be precise). Service and ambiance was good. Service Charge - 10 %. Service Charge - 5.8 %. Overall expensive on your pocket.
Rated As the name says, this place is not at all little, the menu has like wide range of different varieties.. Trust me we took over 20 mins to decide our order. We wanted to have pizza and pasta, so we were sure about it, but this place has 50 different pastas, and pizzas. . And to talk about the taste, one of the best pastas and pizzas I ever had. So good. The service was really fast too. Ambience is good, not anything extraordinary. Price is high, but the quality and quantity over powers it..
Rated Never thought i would rate an all vegetarian Italian joint so highly but this place really surprised me !! Great place, great location and ensures that you don't miss pieces of chicken or mutton in you pizza / pasta! Will surely encourage you to try this wonderful place !
Rated Once again from the Juhu Arena, we have a strong contender in some real delicious italian Cuisine! I rate Italian restaurants only Based on their Cheesy Alfredo Pasta and Garlic Bread. And this time, both if these were definately more than Satisfactory. The ambience is above par for fine dining. Lasagne had the required creamy texture, perfectly balanced from all components. Service was prompt too! Well, I say RECOMMENDED.
Rated Little Italy dishes out Italian fare with a consistency that amazes me. Their specialty is thin crust stone-baked pizzas and an assortment of pastas and risottos. My favorite is the pizza called Bombay. Its spicy and comes topped with paneer and mushrooms. Yet another favourite is spinach and ricotta ravioli in a hearty tomato, mushroom and wine sauce. They do have a decent bar but somehow the drinks always disappoint. As do their desserts (except for maybe tiramisu). Stick to pizzas and pastas, for that's what they do best, and that's what provides you a taste of Italy anytime you need it, right here in Bombay. bombayfoodie.com
Rated One of the best places to get your daily fix of bread. If you love bread then this is surely the place to go to. You can be rest assured that whatever you buy is freshly baked because they run out of stocks by evening on weekdays and by afternoon on weekends.
Rated This is a underdog if may may say wen you compare it to theobroma .....who has a much larger variety but still this place has the most amazing selection of breads on offer.....i have tried regular whole wheat bread the French loaf burger bun and focaccia all of them compliment well with the dish we pair them with at home .....they even make chocolate Penut butter which is really nice and the crunch adds a new dimension ! The brownie I tried today was decent but Theobroma does a better job ! They have a branch at prabhadevi too..... Try them out fr breads if u haven't already !!
Rated As Mumbai continues to grow its diverse population, so additional food stores are developing to cater to the needs of the different nationalities calling Mumbai home. I recently discovered a wonderful bakery, and am pleased to see that they are expanding, both with their store locations, and offerings. ... Read full post on nofixedabodeforsue.com
Rated We were at The Baker's Dozen as a part of the Christmas dessert crawl and to say the least I was disappointed. The Brownie didn't have any additional ingredients such as nuts or any other, nor was it served with any accompaniment. With something as simple as a chocolate brownie, I would love to have small surprises packed in which make it special. And I prefer my brownie a bit warmed up with a slight gooey center. Being such a renowned bakery I am sure the brownies will get better and I would love to drop by again sometime soon :)
Rated Bread in Mumbai is a sad affair. Apart from puffy tasteless rolls for pav, the options are limited and the demand is scarce. People seem quite happy with pathetic triangles of Indian wonder bread but I personally miss the variety and quality of European style artistically made bread available in the West. Consequently my carb intake has decreased here, but I don't think that's a good thing. The Baker's Dozen, however, is a decent beginning in what I can only hope is an Indian baking revolution. Having tried the fougasse, the baguette, the ciabatta and the German seeded multigrain, nothing but the baguette truly disappointed. The baguette looked right, but its texture was all wrong, cakey and dense where it should have been rife with air pockets and crusty delight. But the ciabatta was a light and airy roll of excellence, prompting a reaction close to mama mia as I had it with eggs one morning, and the fougasse wasn't half bad either. Perhaps not quite a taste of Provence, but at least it wasn't straight up Pali Hill either. The seeded German bread was a good weekday standard, although I'm not sure why German bread has its own category, its not exactly Europe's bread capital.... I haven't tried the sweet bread because I believe them to be an abomination, but I hear good things from people who like that sort of nonsense. On the days that I can't manage the bake my own, The Baker's Dozen is a good place for decent but inoffensive substitutes. Still, I wouldn't mind more options from competitors....
Rated The breads are great. Ordering for delivery very stressful. The last time I had ordered. They took an hour to deliver. This time I was assured delivery in 30 mins. Still they sent it after an hour and 20 mins. I would go to the store and pick their products, never order on phone. Also be ready to receive a call from them 20 mins after the order, when they have to tell you that a product you ordered is not available as in sold out. Why take the order then? Why not give and honest time estimated for delivery? Very unprofessional! But if you want, their products are good!!, visit their store
Rated TBD is a paradise for bread lovers! Fresh, crusty, cripsy, and so much flavour in every kind, their bakes are too good. My favourite are the whole wheat, multi grain, focaccia ragi crackers and banana bread. The Strawberry butter is a must for breakfast. They have excellent and healthy options to choose from where one would be spoilt for choice. I also particularly enjoy their two berry preserve and orange whisky marmalade. My first visit to a TBD outlet was only a couple of months back when i tried a cappuccino and a cinnamon roll, and how i fell in love with the store, from its variety, packaging, freshness in its breads and excellent service! If you decide to pack goodies from TBD for someone, it would probably be about 300 bucks for one! TBD is a must visit, highly recommended, one of the best in the city for breads. facebook.com
Rated The Bakers dozen is truly excellent for breads. So far we've tried their Herbed baguette, Brioche, Masala sour dough pav and their usual whole wheat and Ragi sliced bread. Their olive focaccia is a staple in our home. So these guys really know their bread. I'm hoping they will start a gluten free bread soon. Steer clear of their cookies and brownies.
Rated I am a bread person and I love bread. All kinds of bread. The Baker's Dozen is officially my heaven. From their breads to Ragi crackers to dips to jams, I can go crazy. Although it's a small place with not much place to sit, I do go as often as I am in Pali Naka. If you ever go, do read the story of the loaf which is so beautifully written. Artisan breads and their making are a thing of beauty. Must try: Four Grain, Focaccia, Brioche, Multigrain loaf, Ragi crackers, spring onion dip, two Berry jam. Good brownies too!
Rated Vada pav. A filling made of potato, ginger, mustard and curry is dipped in a batter of 'Besan' and placed in a kadhai, which ia filled with piping hot oil, till it becomes golden brown (not tol brown , not too yellow) and removed from it, only to be served inside the softest of 'Pav' and adorned with jewel like chutneys. The original West meets East in food. I must say that I am already hungry after writing this. But this description has been fit for 'Babucha' vada pav for generations now. My school days are filled with memories of having a vada pav. I have braved the skyrocketing cost from 3.50 to 12, seen the vada pav shrink and grow in size and pushed and pulled others to get the hot new batch of vadas first . And the best part being that this has been experienced by a generation of parlekars before me and one after me. This has kept the charm of babu intact, even with the growing competition. Babu and vile parle have grown together and yet remained closer to their roots, hopefully this remains true even in the coming years. Aniruddha PS- one can't talk about babu and not talk about the patti samosa. The underrated cousin of his vada, but the best one can find in parla
Rated I have eaten their stuff and everything is awesome be it their vada pav, kothmir vadi, vada usal or their samosas. But the best part of theirs i like their patti samosa and the soft kothmir vadi
Rated A place no person in Vile Parle area is unfamiliar with. Knowing and relished his Vada Pavs since childhood. Same quality, taste and the lovely red dry chutney, which I have so far never found anything elsewhere. Samosa and Kothumbir Wadi too are equally good. The legacy is now being relished by my kid as well. Must try place.
Rated Have fond memories of Babu Vada Pav. All Parle Tilak kids would agree to it. Long waiting outside PTV school for hot delicious vada pav during evenings is what I remember the most. Also, walking through lanes of Hanuman road to reach here on a rainy day. Or even taking parcel and then hanging at Suncity (One time). All this was only because of being dragged by my Parle Tilak friends 😊 They also have Patti Samosa and Kothambir Wadi, but I always settle on their Vada Pav. fooodgalli.wordpress.com
Rated Visited this place yesterday to get some vada pavs packed to take them to Gurgaon with me. I had eaten here on my last visit to Mumbai. Liked their vada pav and samosa pav. They add garlic chutney, green chutney and the sweet tamarind chutney to the snacks. Good place. Very, very cheap. bulsgonebonkers.co.in
Rated DISCLAIMER: I dont know how exactly an authentic Vada Pao should taste. The review is my own view and according to my taste buds. So, this place is just outside the Vile Parle East station. One can see people coming for quick snacks and having few vada pao and leaving. I stayed at a nearby hotel so thought of giving this place a try as per the rating here. I have tried Goli's Vada Pao in Delhi and I have loved them. A local vendor from Maharashtra also serves awesome vada pao. If I compare Babu's with them, I would say that Babu is highly over rated. Though the vada pao is good in itself it does not deserve the rating and fame it has on Zomato. I would recommend to try only if you are nearby and not to go there specially.
Rated A legend for all PTV students, past and present have literally Survived on Babu's vada and samosas (pattti). During my childhood I used to wait for saturdays when mom used to give me 50 paisa and I could eat 2 samosa during recess. What fun. Babu ha seen generations of students who are still customers. Still the taste and quality of vada and samosa remain unchanged. Now as per demand some more dishes have been added but usp is still samosa and vada. The legend in vile parle stays on and goes on. God bless Babu
Rated One of the best bakers I have discovered in Mumbai. Just located outside Andheri West station on SV road. Chicken patties and rum ball is the msp of this bakers and is must try. Other items is also good. Ambience is good.
Rated Merwans Cake Shop If you have visited Andheri even once in your life, you will be knowing this place. Almost a landmark now, Merwans Cake Shop is famous for cakes and lot of bakery items. Even with this scene of inflation, MCS has managed to be reasonable. After know this place for more than 6 years, I finally paved my way in for the first time to grab some light snacks on my way to office. It was just opened and hence everything was fresh! I asked for Paneer and Chicken Puffs and Chocolate Pastry. We had them after 5 hours of purchase and they still seems fresh and delicious. Merwans has a lottttttttttttt of variety - various cakes, pastries, breads, sticks, munchies and a lot of other things. Everything was really cheap and snacks for 2 got wrapped under Rs. 100. Even it took less than a minute for me to decide and them to pack, I had to wait for 10 minutes for change. (I was the first customer). I would suggest them to keep some opening balance from next time. Will visit soon :D
Rated One of my best cake shop. Just love it. Perfect cake shop. Mawa cake is the speciality of merwans. Variety of puffs. Worth the money. Fan of merwans😀
Rated It's been there since last few decades. Started with Cakes, but now has puffs, croissant, closed pizza etc Highly recommend for Cakes, they have a separate section for eggless cakes. Located on S. V. Road, Andheri West, five minutes walk from Andheri West Station
Rated Brilliant is only the word We normally bring parcel many times, and it does not need to be said or written about its quality Chciken roll, hariyali roll, chicken spicy, chicken in white mushroom sauce, tandoori chicken and infact all the varieties in chicken are brilliant. Very cheap and quality food. I have not had veg rolls but it must be good Cakes especially butterscotch pastry is my personal favourite. Chocolate pastries are also delicious. Patrice are also well made but I personally like the rolls Chocolate rum ball another speciality . And mawa cake, the best mawa cake you will ever get anywhere. It's his USP Only problem with merwans is the products get over so fast and they do not increase the production. The rolls get over around 5.30-6.00 daily. If they keep the production up and make it available till 8.30-9.00 pm would be great overall a brilliant quick bite shop
Rated It is one of the oldest bakeries in Andheri and justifies its tag of legendary. The place is known for its value for money, delicious snacks. Be it the patties, puffs or rolls, everything tastes good. I had almost everything that was offered 8-9 items for just a meagre 135!!
Rated Well said by all, this outlet does live it's name. It is one of the best. However, non veg items other than cakes and pastries are better than veg items. Now about parking..There is no parking available outside it. However, bikes can be parked for a nominal charge in the lanes around it and the shopping area (Nadco) besides it. Car..it is difficult.!
Rated 'Cakes are special. Every birthday, every celebration ends with something sweet, a cake and people remember. Its all about the memories. ' Merwans cake stop has been participating in those memories forever. Ever since a kid, Merwans have been an unanimous choice of our family members. But cake isnt the sole attraction of this place. A few days back, I gobbled their rolls after a very long time and it made me realize why i love this place to the core. The rolls - 4/5 ♥ Mushroom Chicken roll was the best roll of the day. ♥ Chicken Garlic roll is a good option. ♥ Chicken Hariyali roll is amazing ♥ Chicken Puff was the weak link that day. Pastries and Cakes - 4/5 Have tried a lot of pastries (cant even remember their names). However, Chocolate Crackle is an amazing option. As for cakes, recently tried their Blueberry flavour and it was too good. When you compare Merwans with other cake shops, you realize how much they are underpriced. Yet they have managed to keep their quality intact. A small crowded place which doesnt require any introduction.
Rated A place where one can get chicken roll of a good quality for the least pice of ₹15/-. The chocolate square is mouthwatering. They must start making customised cakes. And must offer home delivery for the orders. The cakes are good in taste. I don't know about the eggless cakes. Never tasted them tho.
Rated Keeping it really short and sweet... All I can say about this bakery is that it is one of the best in Mumbai - in all senses - price, variety and taste. Till today, their rolls, puffs and pastries have maintained their quality. And though a lot of branches have come up all over the city, this branch has always stood out. Explains the crowd in here - it starts when they open the shutter and ends till they bring it down! True to what describes it best - 'legendary.'
Rated A really nice and sweet boulangerie at the start of lokhandwala market, with a very welcoming staff! So i had like 2 desserts and 2 things to eat! Desserts: Baileys Irish Mousse & Mango Cream Roll It was a mango special day, don't remember the name correctly! (Correction: Mango Roulade) Food: Cheese Croissant & Veg Quiche! So the desserts were decent and yum! The mousse did lack a little alcohol in it, but the mango dessert was the best of the lot that i had! Veg Quiche was decent but not upto the mark, it felt as if palak paneer was filled in it 🙈 (forgot to take pics of it) & Cheese Croissant was the worst as they had cut a regular croissant and added cheese in between it, then heated and given to me! Generally in a cheese croissant, the cheese is supposed to be inside the Croissant ( best ones are at Theobroma), but besides the fact the manager was kind enough to explain the reason that they don't sell a lot of cheese croissants and hence they don't make them! I would suggest them to strike it of the menu then. You cant serve what u don't have 😑 Overall a sweet and decent place, with good desserts! Lots of scope for improvement!
Rated Searching for new options to fulfil my sweet tooth we stumbled across this place. It was pretty decent though. Order a Red Velvet pastry (Not the best I've had) a Pineapple pastry (Above average) Conclusion : It's only a one time try out shop. You can easily find better options at Lokhandwala.
Rated Amazing Amazing desserts and the lady+guy here are really friendly! Try tasting before ordering. They've a really amazing variety. Chocolate opium, chocolava are my favourites! Red velvet cheesecake is also yum! Make sure you're craving nice and large amounts before you come in because its a foodie paradise!
Rated I happened to try out this place while I was searching for a place to eat dessert in Lokhandwala. And I was pleased with my discovery :D This place has all the possible cakes you can imagine - from so many different kinds of chocolate to cheese cake, to fresh fruit cakes and so many more. They even have a snack section with puffs and stuff. Even their dry cakes looked pretty interesting. After all of this visual delight, I decided to pack 2 pastries to go - one was the chocolate opium which was recommended in other reviews for this place. And the other was some kind of a truffle. Both were exceptional. Rich flavor, fresh and dense chocolate. I totally recommend the chocolate opium as a must try item here. I also just discovered that they have an outlet in colaba which I cannot wait to go back to.
Rated The taste is so fine of everything they have.. From sandwiches to pastries to sponge cakes Quality is so good that you will go there again and again.
Rated Tucked in lokhandwala market, it's a small outlet, we have been having their cakes & pastries for last 6 months or so, and this is specifically about the lokhandwala outlet. Have to say that they have some amazingly delicious cakes and pastries. Have tried quite a few brands nearby? But this one is at par with them. We recently had strawberry cream pastry, chocolate dense cake loaf, ambrosia & Black Forest cake. And we couldn't stop eating them, the pastries were moist, fresh, delicious and gooey. Loved Ambrosia pastry, with caramel, lemon zest, white chocolate inside. Their Black Forest is quite different from the regular ones we have tried earlier, and must say you will love it! It has fresh cherries in each layer, the top layer topped with chocolate & white chocolate. Would rate their pastries & cakes 4.5/5. Service 4/5. We highly recommend their Black Forest cake, Red Velvet Cheese cake & Ambrosia Pastry.
Rated This place is just at the corner of Lokhandwala market signal. It has wide variety in cakes and other savouries. I ordered a Bailey's Irish Cream moose, which was good. Being a liquor based moose the qty of liquor was less than expected. The flavour of liquor was very mild.
Rated Undoubtedly The best junglee chicken sandwich I've ever had !! It's filled with creamy mayo and loads of chicken with the freshest lettuce crunch!! Also they do an Amazing red velvet cake!! What I love about the place is that , All their food is so fresh ! And also the sweetest friendliest staff!! Definitely going back here again and again !!
Rated These guys make the best marzipan chocolate cake! This is definitely a dream combo! Devils mouse cake is out of the world too! In all love these guys!
Rated they (me) say that your blueberry cheese cake defines your mettle as a baker...I will continue to rate Starbucks as my personal favorite but this one is surely giving a very tough competition..would like to try more stuff..
Rated A place with a typical old school bakery touch. The waiting time can be irritatingly high since there are a lot of people thronging the place at any given time of the day... Coming to the food.. I had a chicken cheese ball and a chicken burger which were kick ass... It is very pocket friendly as the items do not cost much.. Need to visit again to try their pastries and cup cakes..
Rated This place needs no introduction.Everyone who has visited bandra must have tried this gem. Being more than a decade old, this places never looses its charm thanks to the delicious stuff served here. The easy on pocket price makes it really popular among the crowd. During lunch time it can take few mins to get your food out. The burgers served here are unlike anything you must have tried, the patty is deep fried to perfection with freshly baked bread and generous serving of mayo n ketchup. The chicken biryani too is good.If you love your puffs, croissants & other baked stuffed this place is definitely worth trying. The mutton patties and samosas served here also recommended. Over and above, a must visit place when you are not concerned about the calories!!
Rated Tucked along the corner of Hill Road between dilapidated houses is a food haven thronged by crazy enthusiasts.Very easy to miss the place but once u have discovered it you will repeat visists.Was suggested to have a chicken burger,light in pocket,heavy on tummy.After battling the serpentile queue waa quite gratified to out a bite onto the much acclaimed chicken burger and is for sure one of the best in town
Rated J.Hearsch and Co... I can vividly remember the first time I ever ate here.. 1997 when my niece was born in the adjacent Holy Family Hospital.. Their Chicken Burger back then.. Had tasted like heaven or something close to it. Been there a lot of times later.. But went there yesterday after a long hiatus.. Nothing much has changed about the place per se.. Except the surroundings I mean.. Quaint yet bustling with activity.. Still cramped for space thanks to the constant inflow of its loyal followers and others from the neighbourhood and beyond.. One look at the place.. And you know they're doing something right. Ordered a Chicken Burger (old times' sakes) , A Chicken roll, and a Chocolate Eclair (Yes.. They ran out of they're "World Famous in Bandra" Lemon Tarts!) The Chicken Burger was just as it was all those years back.. (Price is an exception ) Tender,juicy and delicious bits of chicken in their patty.. Loads of Mayonnaise and a hint of Ketchup.. Fresh (really fresh) Burger Buns.. And Plenty of good memories.. You haven't had it right till the mayo doesn't ooze out and messes up your hands!! Still Heavenly!!! The Chicken Roll is just what my idea of how an ideal Chicken Roll should be.. Little to no spice, Loads of Chunky Chicken bits in Loads of Mayo!! Probably just a little bit of Mustard should do for the tartness.. There it is.. Perfect!! And as for the chocolate eclair.. Crisp pastry fingers sandwiching a smooth creamy but light as air chocolate mousse filling and then topped off with dense thick dark chocolate shavings.. Delight in every bite.. An intensely satisfying experience.. I'm so coming back now that I have reconnected with this Childhood Mecca of all things good!! More Power to You Guys!!!
Rated Burgers sell like Hot cakes. And you cant wait to chomp it out of the box. I do so before the chips get soggy with the oozing mayonnaise. Loads of other bakery products but my all time childhood favourite is the Jam roll. I used to open the roll, lick the jam and them savour the soft sponge cake. I went in the other day after a long time only to see the owner still sitting on that high chair accepting the cash and supervising the workers. Kitchen is cleaner and quality is maintained. There were more items on the list and every thing is much more systematic unlike yester years. The Chicken/ cheese puffs I recommend, it was so flaky, soft, filled with chicken and delightful cheese. Chicken roti hot and spicy.... Service is quick with a smile. Organizing parties and sudden guests at home can be so much easier. Thank you Hearsch anahitairani200.wordpress.com
Rated This place is very popular for its burgers and they have a different taste altogether mainly because of the mayonise they use. The chicken burger is my favourite. The veg burger is good too. They have other bakery products like rolls, wraps, puffs etc. The ginger lemon is a perfect accompaniment to go along with the burger that is served with potato chips.
Rated It's amazing how their quality has been the same since years! The variety of food in this little bakery is amazing! And the price?? Chicken Burger, lemonade, veg. croissant and one chicken lollipop for 140? Sounds too good to be true! Lemonade is a must try.. One of the best I've ever had.
Rated As I was in bandra and had read reviews about it so decided to visit this place with my friend. This place is a little difficult to find. When we entered we saw it was damn crowded for a little place like this. But its understandable after tasting the food here. We ordered chicken burger which was nicely made, tasted fresh. Chicken lollypop which was freshly made piping hot. My friend ordered a pastry (forgot the name) which was delicious. I also saw many things in the menu which I will try on my next visit. Worth a try place.
Rated Historic. Has been right at the top of their game for decades now. Chicken Croissants, Cheese Croissants and almost all kinds of food, Great quality & taste and nearly half of what you would otherwise pay for it!!!
Rated One of the favorite joints for the very spiced up marathi dish- Misal, Mamledar Misal. It's running since decades. Very close to Thane station on west near Talav pali, a small outlet stands - Mamledar Misal. Few things you need to be aware if it's your first visit. Go for medium or low spicy variant as their very spicy one could fire your taste buds. It's all on your level of having the spicy food. The Misal is very tasty. They add the curry (rassa) on the sprouted mataki base containing peas in vegetables content. It's mixed with dry farsan and chopped onions on top. All taste is held by the Rassa. It's tasty. 1 bowl of the misal is enough as a snacks and top up your hunger. They don't have much of sitting space to accommodate, prefer to get it parcel and enjoy the dish at your home, spice up your time with Mamledar Misal. You will love it! Must Visit :)
Rated For Misal lovers this is a must visit place. There Misal comes with option of less, medium & very spicy.I had medium spicy Misal which heavenly delicious & full of flavours.If you are nearby thane station don't miss this place for quick bite. Happy Eating!!
Rated They say it's a sin if you are in Thane and did not lay your hands on Mamledaar's misal pav. After hearing a lot about the place from colleagues and flatmates, finally got a chance on a weekend to go for it. Its located near Zila Parishad, Talav Pali in station road. Upon reaching , we found a long queue in front of the gate. People were waiting for their turn to be seated. We were lucky to get a place soon. It's a small place with wooden tables and chairs with no space between them. Go there only if you are adie hard fan of misal and want to have that there itself or there is a counter for parcel just opposite Zila Parishad. There are three varieties depending on the spiciness of the curry - Light, Medium and Hot (tikhat as they say ). Went for Tikhat for me and my friend opted for light and ordered Taak ( spiced buttermilk) to go with it. To be very honest, I did not find it great as has been hyped. It was good but even the spiciest of them could not do justice to my taste-buds. Felt its some ragda curry with lots of farsan and chopped onions only. May be I had set high expectations from the food. The buttermilk was below average, you find better ones outside. I won't say I regret going there, but the misal was just good not very tasty. Service was quick. You are expected to finish soon that other customers can be accommodated. Finally, I would say try once who knows it may tickle your taste-buds. Food - 3/5 Ambiance - 2/5 Price -4/5 Quantity - 3/5 Overall Experience - 3/5
Rated Probably the best Misal in Bombay you can find! Nothing more,Nothing less just perfect spicy misal! If you love spicy,You would really like this place! Definitely A must try!
Rated Famous for it's spicy misal. Place is decades old and has become a part of Thane's history and tradition. If you ever visit Thane Mamledar is a must visit!
Rated Good Misal place, these people need to attend to a few things. Pls be courteous, friendly and amiable. Also a bit cleaning around the small place will help.
Rated Warning : be brave to reach this "canteen" as there's no parking around. Be brave also for facing the heavy spicy gravy that will hit you. But it will be an experience to cherish. On the taste front, to be honest, there's a joint in Mulund 5-rasta that I would score higher. But everyone has their own favorite Misal from Pune to Nasik to Mumbai
Rated Not many know this but Mamledar misal is the popular name for Shree Upahar Gruha. Originally a canteen for the mamledar and the tehsildar offices, Shree Upahar Gruha absorbed the more popular name of mamledar misal wala. I still know people who also call it tehsildar misal wala. Such is its legend that Mamledar Misal is almost synonymous with my city's food scene. If you have a Thaneite in your office I am sure he is asked often to carry take outs from mamledar for lunch. I myself have done that more than once. So what is it so famous for? “The Tikhat” (The Spicy) is its signature spicy Misal Pav which has such a seductive pull that it has kept me addicted to it for decades like a junkie is to his fix. Like butterflies to nectar. Like a smoker to nicotine. The misal also comes in medium and light versions. But a regular like me would never go for anything less than the tikhat. Even as I type my 100th review and have had misal only yesterday I can't stop drooling over the thought of it. The crave is such that even the slightest thought makes my mouth water and my stomach grumble. So what makes it so famous? The tikhat is intimidating from the moment it reaches your table. Infact some years ago the table itself would intimidate the visitor. They used to place atleast 15-20 glasses of water for every person on each table. Yes! that tikhat the misal is. The blood red gravy and the burn you feel from your first bite is enough to make you cringe. The first bite is like the first smoke you have after a long period of abstinence. Like the nicotine rushes through the blood stream the essence of the the tikhat burns your insides and gives you that sense of sadistic relief. Why do I give it a 5 star? My criteria for giving a 5 star is (go put it in just one sentence) generally a sustained period of excellence. I ll narrate a small story here to prove my point. I have been a regular (at least once a week) at mamledar for over a decade now and just a year ago I happened to discover a new misal house in Thane. Which on my first visit I thought its as good as mamledar. The sight of the new dame, made me forget this old mistress for almost 6 months. I was so smitten by this new Dame that I ignored mamledar and thought it was for the best. But after six months when the law of Diminishing Marginal Utility took over I decided to give mamledar a shot once again. And as soon as I took the first bite I knew this was the one. however good the new place is, Mamledar is Mamledar. It stands the test of time. But people say it's unhealthy, is it? Indeed it is. Most tasty things are. The oil that they use, though I highly doubt its integrity, I try and not think about it much. It has never caused me any permanent or long lasting damage in the years by. But there are certain precautions you must take. Once you are done with the misal you ensure to consume something cool like taak or my personal post misal favorite - Kokum Sarbat. Also ensure that you drink lots of water throughout the day or you will regret it the next day😉. What else do I get there? Since its a public canteen. You get almost everything. Poha, upma, vada, sabudana etc. I have only ever tried the vada apart from the misal there. And that is been above average in taste. But if you don't wanna have misal or don't eat spicy I suggest you rather not go. It won't be much of a pleasant experience. What about the other aspects? Though mamledar has transformed over the years into a much consumer friendly establishment it's still shitty in service. The arrogance of the waiters is such that they carry a fuck you attitude almost always. But that has never dettered me ever and don't let that disappoint you. There is no ambience per se and on the busiest day you may have to share tables with strangers. The best time to have Misal? Believe me or not but it's 6am to 8am That's when the misal is naturally pipping hot and free of aduteraltions if any. I have enjoyed my misals then the best. Mamledar used to be closed on Sundays but very recently due to popular demand they keep it open albiet start it late at 9 am. Eating Mamledar misal is like watching Sachin Tendulkar bat. I have been doing it since as long as I can remember. It is the best there is. Though I fascinate about other good batsmen but I know that he is the best. I have been going there for more than 2 decades and will keep doing so as long as I can and I hope to see you there may be this Sunday morning…Bon Appetit. PS: Sorry couldnt mangle up any Photos for this review. I am way too hungry and tempted to click the first misal before diving into it and a bit too perspirative before i dive into my second :P
Rated I have always been a big fan of Misal & have visited many legendary Misal joints in Mumbai & Pune. Being a Misal fan I felt obligated to visit this famous place. Mamledar has been in Thane since a long time and is pretty famous for its spicy Misal. I ordered their spiciest Misal and also ordered a Lassi, just in case the Misal is too spicy. Frankly, I was a bit disappointed. The Misal was tasty but not tasty enough to be in the legendary league, not even close. It wasn't even as spicy as I was expecting it to be. It clearly underperformed considering the big hype about it. The Lassi was mediocre. I also ordered a Batata Vada which was cold and didn't taste good at all. Sitting is comfortable and service was quick. I went there during lunch hour. Usually this place is extremely crowded in the evenings and one has to share table with random people. Overall, an over hyped Misal place. Go there with an expectation of eating an average Misal and you won't be disappointed, because that's exactly what they serve.
Rated The place is really great for what it offers! The Vada Pav! The chutney too is extremely tasty here! From kanda bhajiya to bhaji pav everything is really tasty, spicy too with the red chutney! Definitely try it out! :)
Rated A very old, yet famous wada pav wala, it is very difficult to find any individual in Thane who is unaware of this ultra-famous Gajanan Wada Pav. Graduating from just a small stall to something bigger and better, they serve all “Bombaiya dishes” ranging from Wada Pav, Somasa Pav, The Batata Bhaji and many more. Moreover, it is famous for its yellow chutney which is quite lip-smacking. A tangy and spicy combination, this is the secret of Gajanan Wada Pav’s success. Although being just a small roadside place, it has managed to carve out its own name. A definite must try! All the chatakas and patakas in their wada pav with that extra piece of chili will make you drool asking for more. Taste Quotient: 5/5 Service: 4.5/5
Rated Gajanan, as we thanekars say, go here for their yellow chutney, the vada pav is just a complimentary tasty bun to have an excuse to just eat their yellow chutney. Yes, you heard me right, we thanekars dont just love their spongy, soft and crunchy vada pavs but we absolutely adore their yellow chutney. Their chutney is so legendary that with one vada pav, people have their chutneys 3-4 times and even the owners of gajanan know the importance of their chutney and they are more than happy to serve you more. During my school days, i used to skip my lunch and just wait for the final bell and run near this place and have around 3-4 vada pavs and their legendary yellow chutney. The vadas are always hot and with the yellow chutney, they complement each other to near perfection.
Rated One thing for which it's so famous for is the Chatni! No matter what you order, please don't miss the yellow chatni! And preferably stick to snack items rather than South Indian dishes.
Rated It's famous for their chutney they serve with their Vada Pav. It's crowded most of the time. They also serve one of the best Misal Pav in town. Also their Poha tastes awesome. I usually visit this place for quick breakfast. Pocket friendly. ☺
Rated The worlds best vadapav and chutney is served here! Apart from that they also serve some super spicy Misal Pav, and Poha being my favourites. Nimbu Pani is a must after anything you have here!
Rated I always come here for its delicious Vada pav with its famous yellow chutney. They always serve fresh and hot vadas, bhajji, samosa. You should definitely come here if your a Vada pav lover and you want to have a quick bite.
Rated Greetings! Shri Gajanan VadaPav was on my radar for its higher rating in the area of Thane station. So when I got a chance; I went for it. Location: I've been to the shop on the eastern side which is about two minutes walking distance from the east gate of the busy Thane station. Ambiance: Not required really. Grab your snack and move on. Still if you insist; a foodie ambiance is the closest I can come up with. Food: Very tasty. The Vadas are nicely prepared; probably a home-made recipe. However, nothing extraordinary in them. The thing that stands out is the yellow chutney. When asked, the staff said it's made from Chana Dal. Along with it they also serve crushed & tempered green chillies, which is known as 'Thecha' in Maharashtrian cuisine. The Kanda Bhajiyas were also home-made style which are much better than those extra crispy ones sold at other places. Haven't tried their Samosa yet. Service: Not much expected. The staff at the counter is fast and they serve the chutneys generously, even for refills. Mostly all snacks are served in paper plates. Cost: Extremely affordable. Fill your tummy in less than 50 bucks. Overall: Must try for foodies. Cheap, Tasty and Filling. If you find this review helpful, hit like and check out the pics I uploaded earlier.
Rated This has to be the most visited/eated place for me ever! Yes. Thanks to proximity to my house and variety of dependable options this is it! Plus the taste is standard, so the vada pav has tasted the same over the past 5 years!
Rated Everyone loves eating popcorn when it comes to watching a movie with those typical flavours like cheese,caramel,tomato and butter but who thought that popcorn could get a twist ?? Caramel would get a twist ?? With unique flavours WOW popcorn has come up a longway !! I never tried it but recently I did and I felt in love with this place. The flavours I have tried are : Famously Caramel- My favourite popcorn..I can eat 2-3 buckets at a time..WOW popcorn gives cruncy caramel popcorn as crisp as fresh !! The taste is bit different from what we eat out..its thickly coated..one of my favourites from wow popcorn Thai Chilly Popcorn- This is something new and a must to try popcorn..One of the best flavours WOW has recently introduced us with..Its spicy and tangy with a twist of thai flavour in it. Classic sour cream and Onion Popcorn - I Have eaten this flavour in lays and pringles but popcorn ?? Again a new concept and must buy..its not.too mild flavour as a popcorn but the taste is sweet and offcourse sour creamas the name suggest.much of lays kind of taste.I Mixed Cream and Onion and Thai Chilly together awesome concept was created. .love the taste of both together Masala popcorn - Good as a Flavour..Spicy Indian flavour but nothing great !! Cocomello - Caramel coated in chocolate sauce..wow now this concept is introduced to us from various chefs but who has time to make all this and do so much of mehnat..cocomello is good in taste but can be great if more of chocolate touch is given..they can also add white chocolate as a new concept. The staff is very polite and know to keep their clients happy. The small glass they gave u for tasting is very cute and sophisticated. WOW is my favourite place..Not much but whenever im near carters I pick up a regular cup which is reasonable and good quantity. Hope Wow goes a higher way and get us more out of the box flavours.!!
Rated WOW Popcorn is a one-of-its-kind popcorn outlet chain, which brings you the finest quality of corn kernels sourced from only the best plantations around the world. WOW Popcorn came into existence in Mumbai on April 28th, 2013 MY EXPERIENCE- I visited the Carter Road branch and was pleasantly greeted by the shift Manager who explained to me all about the mind blowing new flavours that are creating the WOW factor in the popcorn world. POPCORN SHOTS- Each Popcorn was served up in a cute little shot glass, loved the idea of popcorn shots. Taste it to choose what your palate loves the best. WOW FLAVOURS So SweetAnnu had a taste of each flavour and here is my order from best to least favourite. 1.Famously Caramel ( Caramel Popcorn)- I loved the crunchy and sweet taste of caramel and popcorn. My favourite of them all. 2. Mumbai Cheese Tadka – Here we have something different and very addictive. Every Mumbaikar is looking for some spice and this flavour has it all with a perfect blend of cheese and powdered spices. Go for it!!! 3. Cocoamello – ( Caramel with chocolate) The rich caramel popcorn laced with chocolate is crackling, sweet, irresistible and lip smacking. 4. Mexicano- ( contains Garlic) I liked the distinct flavour of garlic. This slightly pungent taste needs to be developed and I suggest try it, its different. 5.Say Cheese- ( Cheese popcorn) However much I like cheese I was more eager to try out different flavours. Cheese is my regular at Globus and Suburbia:) 6. Sizzling Pudina- Every bite gives you a refreshing minty flavour, quite likeable for a new taster like me. I found it quite interesting and fun to munch. 7. Sour Cream and Onion- A relatively new flavour, just like Lays chips. I felt the taste was not so compatible to popcorn and goes better with chips but you may like it so try it nonetheless. 8. Salted Bolted AND Utter butter Flutter- Here we have the classic salted and butter popcorn version. Salted for the diet conscious and Utter Butter for the foodie like me. Read more about it on my Blogpost anahitairani200.wordpress.com
Rated I never knew that on seeing pop corn the child in me would jump in joy ....... Wow pop corn did just that today. Dropped by at carters to see a friend n while we were parked in the mad rush amongst the famous food street of carters, I spotted wow!!!! I went in n saw the lovely varieties they had. Took buckets....of 3 usual flavours, butter, caramal and cheese. All super yummmmm.......pop corn is an addiction for me......I can finish the whole bucket In one sitting. I can go on n on munching on these all time favourite flavours. A bit expensive but that's the price u pay for eating good stuff at fancy localities served in a fancy way. Overall good.
Rated This amazing popcorn joint has probably revolutionised the way we perceive popcorns. They offer a good range of different flavoured popcorns here. We had the caramel popcorn and sour cream popcorn. Yummm!!!! Both of these were amazing. They generously give you taste samples, so that you can select your own. They will give your popcorn in a plastic jar which you can carry with you. Indeed a unique place. Highly recommended!
Rated What's special about a popcorn? Nothing really, unless you are able to bring in loads of flavours and then set up shop with cheery servers who happily pull out multiple samples for you while you make up your mind on which of the 7-8 varieties on offer you want. Wow popcorn comes in handy plastic tubs which you can take home. And there's more - if you can't make up your mind on any one flavour, you can mix and match several of them in your tub. Wow has both savoury and sweet flavours. My favourite in the savoury version is the mint popcorn. On the sweet side, their caramel popcorn is great and they have a chocolate coated one that's even nicer. Wow is in the middle of busy Carter Road strip which means (i) parking is hard to find and (ii) no restrooms, but then that's what CCD at the end of the road is for! bombayfoodie.com
Rated I 've seen this store while in the car, it looked fancy with a good display of popcorn. I ordered these via scootsy and it reached in no time. The variety of flavours is not too much when compared to Garette and Poparazzi abroad. The caramel popcorn tastes very much like butterscotch or toffee, not caramel and the sizzling pudina is good. Their packing is really nice. Prices are good. More flavours like the kettle corn can be added.
Rated I love popcorn and wanted to try the popcorn here since long time. We can taste and decide from the 9 flavors available. I loved the Mumbai Cheese Tadka flavor among the 3 that I tried. Cocoamello was nice but found it a bit too sweet for my taste. Would visit again for the rest of the flavors!
Rated Great concept of selling flavoured popcorn at outlets which traditionally was only found at malls or theatres! Popcorn is an ideal snack being healthier over other chips and stuff and can be the best entertainment for children at home
Rated Just as the name suggests JUST WOW!! Best caramel Popcorn I've ever had So good 👌🏻 Must try : CARAMEL POPCORN SPRINKLED WITH DARK CHOCOLATE 😍😍😍😋
Rated Absolutely Delicious..Being a popcorn Lover I was very eager to visit WOW...Wonderful popcorn Air poped...They have soo many flavours You end up in confusion.. Cocamello is a must Tryy...I had mumbai cheese tadka and cream n onion both were Superb..Popcorn Lovers definitely visit WOW
Rated Again being a fan of Misal this one was a must try & Ajit being a good friend it had to be tried out, and i would say i was not at all disappointed. He is at par with any other best Misal serving restaurants in Maharashtra for that matter. All the best to Ajit Moghe and team.
Rated I read a lot of positive reviews about this place on zomato and decided to visit. It took us 10 minutes to find this place as we were searching it near malhar talkies. Suruchi misal is located opposite Vodafone gallery. A very small place where at the time only 8 to 10 people can seat. But the misal here is extraordinary. They have 3 varieties in misal- suruchi special misal, puneri misal, kolhapuri misal. In these 3 i would give 10/10 to suruchi special misal as it is a best misal they have. 9/10 to kolhapuri misal. Totally kolhapuri type spicy misal. 8/10 to puneri misal. It was a perfect misal and they made it as they have mentioned in the menu (aambat-sore, goad- sweet, tikhat-spicy). Just one thing i did not like that the quantity of oil was little bit high in this puneri misal. Taak is also very good and it is purely home made. Overall suruchi misal house is one of the best in town. I will not compare it with mamledar misal as both have there different class. Must visit place for misal lover. Highly recommended :)
Rated The place is just a 'bakada' diagonally opposite to the Vodafone Store near Malhar Cinema. They have 3 types of Misal. Kolhapuri, Puneri and Surucchi Special. All 3 uniformly good. Better to take parcel since there is only one table with 6 chairs. Have the Dink ladoo after Misal ☺️
Rated I would say their Suruchi Special Misal is certainly the best Misal i have ever had. It's much better compare to the great 'Mamledar Misal'.
Rated This review and rating is based solely on merit of this place and not by comparing it to any other eatery especially the iconic Mamledar Misal house. Mameladar misal is like an institution and comparing it with a newbie like Suruchi Misal would make no sense. But all said n done this food outlet stands on its own good qualities and definitely worth the money as is proved by the highest ratings for an eatery in the entire city (based on 49 votes). From the outside its uninviting and would not warrant a second glance but then as the cliche goes 'never judge a book by its cover '. They have misal in three varieties Puneri, Kolhapuri and Suruchi special. The Puneri (from Pune region) misal is the mildest of the three and is recommended only for those who can't tolerate spicy stuff. It's somewhat sweetish and has Mataki in it. The Suruchi special is medium spicy and had a somewhat burnt after taste like an overdone tadka, don't know if it was deliberate or a genuine mistake, either way it was a bit unpleasant. The Kolhapuri version is the spiciest n the best of the three, nicely balanced flavours n aromatic it comes very close to the medium spicy version of Mamledar misal. It has green peas in it. The food is value for money albeit oil watchers be warned as it comes with a bucket full of oil which is how the locals like their misal. Service is quick but the place is super small with only two tables inside so either its a long wait or best to take a parcel. Do try out this place for some nice finger licking misal !
Rated A pure "no frills" place this place is very basic has only one bench to sit.I think they give more takeaways coming to the food , this place is known for its spicy missal and unfourtunetly i cant handle spicy food so i had the mildest version of their missal and guess what!! it was really nice .
Rated So after hearing lot of positive reviews and seeing legendary rating on zomato,i decided to try out their misal.till now i have said that mamledar misal is best in thane but suruchi beats mamledar easily. they serve 3 types of misals-kolhapuri,puneri and suruchi special. I had suruchi special misal(spicy) which was really spicy and excellent in taste. also u can try fried vadas there nd dont forget to order cold buttermilk with ur misal.
Rated Suruchi is one of those hole in the wall joints which reminds you of the legendary puneri misal houses. And thankfully the misal matches the appearance. Ok, so we have 3 different varieties of misal and all of them are fabulous! Kolhapuri - matki usal, batata bhaji and chivda farsan with a sharp and spicy tarri. My favorite! Puneri - matki, soft poha and chivda farsan with a tangy, sweet thin gravy. Very puneri. Nice! Suruchi special - vatana usal, batata bhaji and gattha farsan in a spicy mamledar like gravy. This is their most popular version.
Rated It serves 3 varieties of misal Kolhapuri Puneri ( sweet-sour and spicy ) Suruchi special It's available in 3 shades- light, medium and spicy. Taste is good and must try for misal lovers staying in thane. The ambience is quite uncomfortable. Service is good. Recommended dish: Suruchi special misal Rating Scheme: 1.5 - Taste 0.5 - Ambience and service 1.5 - Quality and quantity : Cost
Rated Started just few years back and already made its mark on Foodies and especially on all the Misal lovers. On the first look you may see a very small place. You may wonder what to expect, as the seating capacity is about 6 person only. But remember “Good things come in small packages”. Best option is take away. Offers Kolhapuri, Puneri and Suruchi Special Misal. I have tried Suruchi Special and Kolhapuri with light and medium combination. Very spicy and testy. ... Read full post on blog.logosconsultech.com
Rated Have been a fan of Tewari Bros since almost a decade ! First in Hyderabad and now Mumbai . Not writing about any particular dish My all time favourite : Raj kachori This is a tiny place located next to The massive and popular Punjab Grill , but true fans and foodies who want to have light snacks or delicious sweets won't be affected by the vicinity . There are really many places in the same lane serving fast food and tasty stuff so they do have a healthy competition but I don't think anyone can beat them in the sweets section majorly The big Ladoos . Do visit them if you nearby
Rated This place is legendary! The best place for some Tava Pulav and their signature Masala Milk. Tewari Bros is an establishment that dishes out the best deshi ghee sweets that melt in the mouth. Been such a regular to this place that I have forgotten the number of times I have been here. Tewari Bros is a one stop shop for all things sweet!
Rated Jalebi, Jalebi Jalebi - This is the most waited and famous sweet of Tiwari Made only on Sunday Morning and During Festival Season. There is Huge waiting for it on Sunday Morning and Equal amount of Delivery ready to get picked. Also Kaju Katri is good to have.
Rated If you can't stand the smell of ghee, don't even go close to this place!! All sweets made and served fresh! And really good taste of each and every item. They also have some other snack items like Samosa, chaat etc. they have a small seating area inside the shop and also few chairs and tables outside. It's close to a busy road so maybe outside might not be great. But any day sweets are awesome and best to take home and enjoy!!
Rated An integral part of the mithai - chat scene of juhu since years - Tewari Bros. is nothing more than a slightly above average sweet shop. I'm sure they served way better stuff years ago than now. Having said that it's still way better than the mithai shops in and around this western suburb. Apart from high priced mithais they also serve some interesting breakfast and evening chat options here. The kachori sabzi in the mornings and dahi chat in the evenings are definitely worth a try. Decent ghee sweets and snacks if you're willing to overlook the pricing.
Rated Place filled with sweets, samosa, kachori, dhokla and so on. And yes, everything prepared in pure ghee makes this place even more inviting. Samosa is awesome with crispy cover and steamy and hot aloo sabzi inside. Kachori was average. Will definitely try more dishes next time.
Rated This place reminds me of banarsi samosa! V went for Sunday breakfast! It's more of a self service place coz all the staff is v busy on sunday mrng...its little difficult to get a place to sit! But once u get u l enjoy the feast! Samosa, rajkochiri and kochori sabzi! Everything was so tasty! Masala milk was another treat! Jalebi was excellent too!I m sure of gng to this place again!
Rated Listening to the name Tewari brothers only one thing comes to your mind the big boondi Lado which is just great if you have a sweet tooth . They really have good samosas kachoris and other stuffs
Rated One of the few places in Mumbai where everything is cooked in pure Ghee only! Be it amazing mithai's or snacks like kachori's and Samosa's...everything taste so good over here! My fav time to visit Tewari's is Sunday morning when they cook hot Jalebi's...these Jalebi's are to die for....
Rated Excellent place for sandwiches. The variety here is mind boggling. The pricing is on the reasonable side too..Ordered a veg cheese grill and it was huge in size..Could have easily sufficed for two people. The stuffing is good and there is a considerable amount of cheese stuffed inside. They have an option of preparing it in brown bread too. The red and green chutneys served along with the sandwich take the sandwich to an another level. The only con is that there is no sitting available.. It's a quick eat on the go kind of places which is always buzzing with sandwich hungry people. Dont forget to wash down the sandwich with their discounted priced ice tea.
Rated This place serves one of the most amazing sandwiches I ever had and strongly stands for its high rating. I tried veg cheese grill sandwich, activity toast and veg Mayo sandwich. Veg cheese grill- High on cheese, filled with tomato, boiled potato, cucumber, bell pepper, onion and very well grilled, tastes great. Wheat bread option is also available. Mayo- simply superb, liked it a lot. Activity toast- it's a masala toast + a lot of butter. The potato onion mash filling is delicious. The negative- no place to sit and eat.
Rated The place is near the Santacruz station in the busy market, the sandwich are just awesome. All the varities are very good and They have started home delivery.
Rated Quick home-delivery and reasonably priced sandwiches... There are only 3-4 items on the menu that truly stand out. Try the "Activity toast" which is nothing but Masala Toast stuffed with potatoes, spices and a generous amount of butter. It comes closest to my favourite masala toast at Jai Sandwich. The Grilled Veg Sandwich is bigger and more filling. People also like the Mayo Sandwich but I don't, because it is on the sweetish, milder side. Next time I'll try the spinach-corn and chilli-cheese sandwiches.
Rated The World's Best Sandwiches right in the heart of Santa Cruz.... A MUST if you are in the area..... Make sure you try everything!
Rated Best place to have sandwich here Formerly known as swastik sandwich I am cuming here since my coll days I have tried veg n toast sandwich Little over priced but they offer a large heavy set of sandwiches also jain option is there n the taste is just yum N being located on shopping areas of santacruz u will always see here ppl waiting for their turn to cum n It's also popular Must go guys
Rated Swastik Sandwich - Sandwizzaa Well known name for Best Sandwiches specially , Veg.meyo, veg activity , Spinech & corn, Island Byte & meyo corn is newly introduced it's Excellent Quality Sandwiches. and their red & green both Chutny are Yummy...,quality of vegetables & Bread is Good. i like this place.☆☆☆☆☆ if you are Sandwich Lover Don't miss this Place..Near Station Santacruz (w).
Rated Plain simple quick flawless yummy ...need u say more....thus place has been there ever since ..simple small shop with all men of the family working together to make fresh sandwiches....simple Mumbai sandwich...too good
Rated Simply the best sandwiches. This place has been here since ages and probably the first ever grilled sandwich I had was at sandwizza. Besides that I like the activity toast, the mayo sandwich and these days I have taken a liking to the tandoori sandwich. Its yummmmmm........the red n green chutneys r kickass. I can never eat a plain sandwich here when there r so many other varieties to tempt me with. 99% of the NRIs feel sandwizza safe to eat which is a big compliment to them. 😀😀
Rated Always super crowded...awesome grilled sandwich u get here...One of the best street food and d best part is ir legs hurts but your pocket doesn't hurt at all..hahhaha best place to visit wid frenzzz
Rated Poush - essence of Kashmir. From the name it self you know it's a place known for Kashmiri cuisine. The place is well decorated with some of the seating available in a boat like style to give you the feel. Service is decent and can be improved a little. Coming to the food- Tried their ruwangan kokur accompanied with butter naan and butter roti. The gravy was nice and spicy. Next we ordered for murgh biryani which was a deal breaker for us cuz it was sweet 🙈 However this may be cuz it's a Kashmiri place so we weren't aware about it lol. You may or may not give it a try !!
Rated Great food,Authentic taste of Kashmir & decor is outstanding. FOOD - 4 SERVICE - 5 TASTE - 4 AMBIENT - 4 VALUE FOR MONEY - 4 REVISIT URGE - 4
Rated Just spent a week in Kurla for an official conference and had a chance of sampling maximum dining places in Phoenix marketcity with my colleagues. Poush was the first we went to. First of all, all our lunches and dinners were paid for by the office so we did not care how much expensive or cheap a place was :D For someone paying out of their pockets, the prices here do seem expensive. But the quality of food (at least the one we tasted) was good enough, so no problems there. A word about the ambiance first-it definitely transported us all to the valleys of Kashmir, replete with shikara like seating arrangements. We were 4 in number and we loved the curtained area to feast in :) Kashmiri food in general I think is more geared towards non vegetarian items. This is actually the first time I have ever tasted any Kashmiri food and I think it is also less spicy than the rest of North Indian food. I had Nadier Palak tikki which was mildly spicy, which is fine with me since I love food on the sweeter side but my mom,who loves fiery spicy stuff may not like it :D It was delicious though, I has lotus stems (nadier) for the first time in my life! That + palak together made a beautiful combination. Loved it! Another lovely dish was Stuffed Mushroom which had a cheesy top,simply melt in mouth. In main course,I had Chamman kaliya (paneer in fragrant yellow,non-spicy gravy) with steamed rice which was nice,sublime, they could improve on the quantity of rice though :) I liked all my dishes and some day I might go back to taste their Thaali. My colleagues had a non veg assorted platter, seekh kabab and murg musallam with naan and overall liked it with the murg mussallam being the star dish,again they said they would have liked more quantity. Service was good. We would just like bit more quantity for the prices :) celebratemybeautifullife.blogspot.com
Rated I visited this place with really great expectations but probably was not the beat of my day. As soon as u get in , the appearance and the feel of place takes u directly to the aesthetic Kashmiri local joint. But soon it was realised that they do not have any place to accommodate more than 5 people at a time. We were 8 and even joining of two tables not possible due to its set up. Somehow we managed on the table Get down straight to business... Methi paneer was good as veg option and also was veg kebabs.. Kashmiri murg kebab was upto mark bit kali much murg was not worth a repeat. Murgh mussallam as main course was a good option for so many people. And tasted good enough if not disappointing. Get the best thing in the place post ur dinner... Kahva. I call it Kashmiri Chai.. And trust me its aromatically awesome. But even considering good food and restaurant get ups, a bad sitting turns u off, and same happened with us. I would love to visit the place but surely never in group max. More than 4. Just go and try few good options at the place.
Rated Visited Poush after I came across a deal on groupon.. The deal was for a full course meal for two.. We opted for a mutton seekhs in the starters which were well cooked. The chicken main course gravy was also great. The dal and rice were normal. Disappointed with the drink Qahwa and sweet dish Phirni...
Rated Pretty great for a sumptous meal. Go for their veg and maharaz thal meals. They would contain an assortment of different flavoured dishes, would give you 2 rotis and rice and end it up with the soft Phirni and Qahwa tea. Unconventional ambience where you get to savour your dinner on seats with curtains on. Not overpriced at all provided you go for the combos. Recommended.
Rated This review is based on just 1 visit to the outlet ( i am not very sure ,i m going there again!!) Ambience is very nice and does give u a different feel from the routine setups in other restaurants... Service is excellent but my experience with food was not very great. Most of the orders were of mutton to taste the kashmiri cuisine....however the preparation was not very nice and the strong non veg stinky smell from the mutton was a big let down!! Nadier churma was the find of the day and its a MUST HAVE.
Rated Decently priced Kashmiri food joint with a pleasing ambience. The place is one of the few serving true Kashmiri flavours with the right spice mix in almost everything they dish out. The platters come loaded with aromatic food that makes you salivate even before tasting. Special mention of the tea and the quaint shikara in the corner!
Rated A perfect 5 to this wonderful hidden gem.. Fantastic ambiance..Kashmir like setup.. With an option of both cushion seating on the ground as well as tables... Coming to the food.. We started with qahwa which is a kashmiri style tea.. Superb flavour.. Ordered a mutton saat rass soup which was again very delicious and different... For starters we ordered kokum chicken and nadier churma which is a lotus stem fried.. Nalli nihari and goshtaba are their specialities for main course and must try dishes.. Ended the meal with a special dessert shufta and firni.. A very different and wonderful experience in a long time....
Rated I hv rated this restaurant 5 star for only n only for FOOD mouth watering Nd reasonable Sizzler With many variety of sauce the Chinese food specially the starter Are amazing the outlet is small but one shld go n try d Sizzler I personally hv tried all d Sizzler wid all d sauce n none of dem hv disappointed me Chicken is well cooked nd super tender
Rated We recently checked in this place ... In Galleria it quite good rating we thought to have a try Ordered chicken blasted peper ... really awesome spicy starter and Stir fried boneless chicken ... little sweet salty dish.. Liked both starters ...
Rated This is a small outlet in galleria market serving asian cuisine, mostly chinese but with very average food quality. I have been here twice and my both visits were plainly disappointing. Staff is also not that good as during my second visit I was not even offered water. When I demanded after my meal, then only they came up with it. I have tried their dimsuns which are surely not like the amazing ones we get on delhi streets or the ones we get in those good high end asian restaurants. The prices were premium but the satisfaction was way below that due to its poor filling. Next time I thought of giving its main a chance as judging a place on basis of dimsums which are non existent in mumbai and even at places where they are served are not satisfactory. I ordered a bowl of veg and mushrooms with noodles base in blazing sauce and topped with burnt garlic and chilli flakes. It was again a disappointment with poor noodles and equally worse sauce. Though spicy, it was lacking flavors and thus not at all pleasing to taste buds. Overall blend with veggies, mushrooms and seasoning was also not a thing I would appreciate at all. Overall it is not a place to recommend, when there are so many joints on same lines of cuisine serving better at same and even lower prices. My Rating: 1. Food: 3/5 2. Service: 3/5 3. Value of Money: 3/5 neverknowsbest.in
Rated Situated in galleria's food court, they have a tiny AC room seating as well which is a big relief during summers. Had chicken chilly gravy and naan. The naan made my day, absolutely tasty, buttery, flakey, yummy, DAMN! 😃 The gravy was amazing too and quantity is good enough for 2 gluttons. Also on my second visit here had bangkok style crispy chicken and shanghai noodles, again amazing dishes! Pretty much every dish here is good by watching other customers reactions to their dishes. In short, A Hidden gem !! 😊
Rated A great option for oriental cuisine in the Powai area, Asian Wok does pack a great punch with its Khowsuey and Bird's Eye Chili Chicken. The Khowsuey is awesome,with all the ingredients in correct proportion, served with some awesome rice noodles. You mix the delicious coconut gravy, and garnish it with all the other ingredients, and can set down to a very satisfying meal. The Bird's Eye Chili Chicken is a fiery gravy of minced chicken, dark red in colour and awesome in taste with plain steamed rice. However, my hot favorite from this place still remains the Mongolian Lamb Bowl, or now the Lamb Wok with a dark sauce, that does complete justice to your taste buds. The sauce is delicious, the meat tender, and the quantity is enough for one and a half people. A great place to order in from, and their momos are quite good too.
Rated Momos are very good here. We tried Chicken momo and swimming momo. We also tried chicken sizzler but it didnt meet our expectations. Though the price was good and it includes a potion of noodles, french fries, fried vegatables and sizzler @ 420 which will suffice 2 people but its nt proper sizzler, it was like Chinese gravy and noodles combo served on a sizzling container. We tried the customized bowl, and ordered flat noodles which was also ok in taste. There is also a space constraint with only 4 tables and a small space. We saw some guests even leaving after checking out the space. We may try with curries and starters next time. Ambience 2.5 Food 3.5 Service 3.5
Rated Have ordered from this place twice through zomato and at both occasions the experience has been good. The good thing about ordering from zomato is the cash back you get, the discount at 10 percent from last the restaurant and that you know the status of your order..when it's confirmed, enroute etc..They pack the food well and it reaches you piping hot. Have tried their paneer chilly, veg steamed momos, fried rice and Manchurian..tasted good and the quantity was also decent. And a thumbs up for their home delivery packaging in the black plastic box as compared to the regular aluminium foil boxes .
Rated Just the apt Chinese food u want to eat while u rush and got to grab your bite. Should must try the momos,as in Mumbai I rarely find places serving good momos.
Rated Great selection and really tasty. The Malaysian Chicken Curry Kapitan taste more like a Thai curry, but good effort. The satay is tender and delicious and the raw mango salad is a good pick as well. Very much prefer Asian Wok to Tao 9 for Asian take out in Powai.
Rated Go to this place Monday's and there is a flat 50% discount .... the food is good but service needs to be improved on . It has a catchy ambience with witty and funny quotes on the walls which makes you smile as you enjoy the food.
Rated My second visit here, this place is a decent place to have chinese food. I had spicy drunken noodles, hakka noodles, chicken wings and chilly paneer. Noodles were good bt starters were just ok. They do serve alcohol with happy hours even on weekend. In short, good place to go and have chinese food when in mall want chinese food and alcohol 😃
Rated The Bowl House itself signifies that the restaurant is a Pan Asian restaurant. We were headed for a movie last night, and, wanted to grab a bite before that, and thus decided to step into Bowl House! The ambience is of a rather modern restaurant with quirky posters all around and a bar at the farther end of the restaurant. The ambience is fairly average, more in lines of a new age restaurant serving contemporary cuisine than of a South East Asian restaurant! A quick summary of what we'd ordered - Chicken Wonton Soup - A clear Broth soup served with two steamed Chicken Wontons. Especially since I was recovering from a daunting Cold, the soup worked well for me. Chicken Hot and Sour Soup - Since I was having the other soup, just had a tasting portion of the soup. It was just like the soup served anywhere else, decent! Crispy Fried Chicken - Thin long pieces of chicken deep fried, quite reminiscent to the KFC, but had its own distinct flavor. All in all, it was just fairly average. Chicken in Chilly Garlic Sauce - What I liked about this dish was, its portion size, but to my dismay, my Chicken dish had pieces of cucumber, cauliflower mixed with the dish. Fancy ordering a full Chicken dish with pieces of Veggies popping out of nowhere? I've eating at several restaurants but this kinda shocking :/, but the dish tasted well. Malaysian Chicken Sizzler - 3 tiny pieces boneless of Chicken deep fried and coated with layer cornflour which made the Chicken look fairly larger than the quantity served to us, served with Fried Rice, sautéed Veggies and French Fries. I expected more Chicken in my dish than the rice, honestly, as a result of which, we had to leave the dish unfinished. It tasted was mediocre. Verdict Bowl House definitely has the potential but fails to deliver the essence of what it needs to. The food is just about average. We ended up paying 1800 INR for a fairly not so so good meal. I wish it was more value VFM!
Rated Saturday evening had forgotten to make a dinner reservation after a movie at RCity. My friend and I were looking for a table for 2 at 9.30 pm and were lucky to find quite a few such tables at the Bowl House. Ambience: Reminds me a bit of Mamagoto. Cheery and colorful. Not so great seating arrangements. More family-friendly restaurant, can get a bit noisy at times. Food: We ordered only 2 starters since we weren't too hungry. 1. Malay coconut chicken - Succulent pieces of chicken in a creamy coconut sauce. Easily the best 2. Burmese fish cake - decent, but couldn't really taste the fish. Had to remind the server to provide us with the mint sauce they mentioned in the menu. The sauce was more of wasabi mayo but it was a good accompaniment nonetheless. Service: Knowledgeable and helpful. Glasses were refilled without prompting. The turnaround time was a bit slow though. Damages: Around 800 bucks for 2 filling starters. Value for money. Verdict: With the closure of Mamagoto in RCity, this place doesn't really have any competition. In case you wish to sample some decent Chindian/South-east asian grub, do visit
Rated Ambience: 3/5 Quantity: 3/5 Quality: 3/5 Value for money: 3/5 Service:3/5 Experience We planned to have a full-course meal, but ended up having a few starters and drinks. The menu was okayish, nothing new or special. Drinks were utter tasteless. No wonder they had offers going on drinks. The starters were okay but not great or something you're missing out. Overall, it's a little expensive if you're on a budget. Maybe I'll visit them again and get a chance to write a better review again.
Rated Been here twice, one time the experience was so-so, second time was very good, so giving the rating of 4 as a cumulative overview :) No doubt The Bowl House serves good Asian food and it is not very pricey either (except for starters!),if they concentrate on service part,they can very well be one of the best. Both times I have been here with a group of 4-5 people and we have found the portions to be good, taste to be superlative and service to be uneven. First time we were here on a lazy weekday afternoon, there was just 1 more table occupied at the moment,still we had to wait quite long for our order. We had Paneer Satay, easily my favorite dish but I wish for better quantity, plus spring rolls (quite good), Veg Burmese Khosuey (a bit too sweet,palatable but could be better) and veg pad thai noodles (yummmmm!). Second time we were here on a weekend evening,it was rush hour and surprisingly this time we got better, swift and prompt service! This time we had Momos (good, could be better), Paneer Satay (My favorites!), Paneer in Kung Pao gravy, Schezwan noodles (very veryyyy tasty), American Chopsuey (too much of red coloring but yes,delicious to the core) and Japanese Udon noodles which came out sweeter than expected and looked like worms :P But if you can get over what they look like, they are actually awesome in taste! Overall, a good eatery to go with friends and family :) celebratemybeautifullife.blogspot.com
Rated My friend and I decided to visit this place on a Sunday afternoon. The ambiance was good with some really quirky quotes hanging from the wall! A variety of starters and main course meals were available. We ordered Grilled Fish in Banana Leaves and Chicken stir-fry in Kung Pao sauce as starters. It tasted delicious, especially the fish. The lemon ice tea was good too. For main course, we ordered Japanese Chicken Teriyaki Udon noodles. The noodles were,ummm, different. While the noodles was not to our liking, I would definitely recommend people to try this place out.
Rated Frankly, I had not expected this restaurant to have such dismal rating on zomato. One of those places which I visited without checking here. Last night , when every other restaurant was going nuts with the new year's eve crowd, we managed to get one of the last tables here. Hungry, and thirsty, we went straight for their permanent one plus one cocktail menu and ordered a LIT. At 480 plus taxes for two, it sounded like a steal. Now, the quality check of a long island is pretty simple. A well mixed LIT should have you floating by the end of it. And I not a squeamish drinker. And No, I wasn't drinking empty stomach. And boy, was it well mixed. My compliments to the bartender. It's worth coming to this place just for the cocktails. Coming down to food, we ordered a triple schezwan fried rice and sizzling Mongolian chicken Kebab. Both dishes were spicy and went well with drinks. However, the rice dish could have been better. The gravy was less and the egg was overdone. But certainly decent. We had also ordered a fried Icecream, paan flavour. This is one dish that's rarely available in restaurants. The icecream inside had a lot of real paan . However the fried crust could have been thinner and crispier. Not a bad attempt though. The neighboring table had a dish that looked so appetizing that I had to call the waiter and ask. Crispy chilly potatoes. Due on my next visit. Definitely heading back to this one!
Rated This place is normally known for Chinese Thai and Japanese cuisine. The pricing is decent and quality is also good. Was disappointed with the soup. We ordered crab wonton soup, which was basically two dumplings in a stock. But couldn't taste any of the crab. The dough of the dumpling was too thick. I had the chicken chilli sizzler and it had a lot of things going it's way. The problem with it was that it was too hot. Even after 15 minutes it was still hot. But still for the price it's good.
Rated Punjab grill have a great ambiance and atmosphere...a bit expensive but the main part is its worth the cost...great food..good taste...great quantity also...so please try it once
Rated Been here for lunch with friends. It's a nice restaurant for find dining. It's very expensive restaurant, Totally over priced!. Service is very show. If you have enough time, then go for this restaurant. Value for Money: 2/5 Service: 3/5 Ambiance: 4/5 Food Quality: 4/5
Rated The food was good over all, but I was disappointed. Rating is for food only. I love Mumbai food whenever I come from Dubai. The service was not so good in beginning since staff don't notice customers unless you waive your hands in air. For some reason the staff didn't bother giving us complementary paan drink and for bill also we had to ask twice and for water also in beginning we had to ask twice. The mutton dish raunakeen was made fine but didn't come to mark as their andheri branch. The baby potato dish was good very tasty.
Rated We visited this place for lunch, the restaurant was all empty. It didn't start on positive note for me, we ordered regulars from 'punjabi menu' , the food was pretty average. Its not bad but nothing outstanding. Service was quick but not to forget restaurant is empty. Definitely will try one more time for better !
Rated We (2 people) visited Punjab Grill Ghatkopar at R city and ordered set lunch. 1 veg & 1 non veg. The service was slow but acceptable to us as we were not in hurry. The starters which I had paneer tikka and corn tikki were just right. The corn tikki did not taste of maida like it usually does in some places. The paneer did not have colouring which was a plus for me. The ambiance, the cutlery, the glass were all good. The main course : The spices in paneer makhani could be identified, the mixed vegetables were again had retained the taste if vegetables and not everything mashed up. I always joke that Punjabi food in city is Paneer in red coloured gravy and vegetables in green coloured one. Here both these dishes had no colouring. Again they were light ( less butter/cream ) which was great. Then came the jeera rice with black dal and I would say it was perfect. The dal was well cooked, again very little butter and the rice was one of the best one is city (no it was not usual long basmati / biryani Rice) . It had mild fragrance but tasted and looked like Kolam which was great. The Dal was one of the best. ( I always judge Indian food by Dal somehow). The deserts pheerni and Gulabjamun again perfect. The pan came as a drink in end. The serving staff needs some training. They were giving all attention to next table who had ordered same menu while almost ignoring us. Eg the neighbours got their choice of bread roti/paratha and hence we also got same. And I can add more to it. Final advise to Hotel reduce the main course portion as everyone was wasting it in set lunch. Advise to others be slightly loud to the waiting staff to get attention. Enjoyed overall.
Rated Ambience is a great plus but that really can't compensate for the food quality. The service is decent. We had Raunakeen Seekhan which seemed like just a fancy name for a seekh kabab. The murg tandoori was okayish. For the main course we had Murh Makhani which was essentially just butter chicken. The murg lababdar's gravy for some reason tasted like baingan bharta ! So if you want decent north Indian /mughlai food and have a lot of money to splurge this place can be visited but you can have similar quality for lesser prices at other places in and around rcity. But if ambience matters you can definitely give this place a try.
Rated Service is clumsy ..! But tandoori food is very delish . I went vegan this time & I have to say , I wasn't disappointed! Paneer tandoori was so tender and the spices were just perfect . All in all ... Except the bar and the service ... It's all good ...
Rated Nice ambience and we started with vegetable gauloti kebab and then with Punjabi food. Their dal makhani is delicious. All their food is good in taste but bit heavy as its all prepared in rich butter so never expect to take R- city tour after eating at this place, as its better to go home and take a good sleep
Rated Good place , nice ambience , good service with good taste. We ordered one Paneer vegetable and cheese paratha. Taste is yummy. Earlier also I tried there paneer tikka. Safed Tomato with Tulsi shorba is something different , you can try that.
Rated On saturday we went for a movie and after that we decided to have lunch. We were confused between zaffraan and tgif and ultimately decided to go to zaffran. The ambience and the interiors are very good. We ordered banjara kebab, chicken patiala and rotis we then ordered lassi. The kebabs were amazing soft and succulent the chicken patiala was also good. The food was lovely definately going to visit soon.
Rated If you want to have Mughlai or North Indian food then this is one of the best options. Had been here with my family for lunch on Easter. I liked the interiors a lot, the Persian styled interiors, the chandeliers etc are very impressive. The service is also quite good. We had the following: Green Apple Mojito: This was really well prepared. All the flavors came out really well in the drink. Distinct flavors of lemon, mint and green apple could be tasted in the drink. It was very refreshing. Rating- 4/5 Murg Zaffrani Shorba: This soup was decent. The taste was quite good. But the only thing was that the flavor of fried onions was very strong. Could hardly taste any other flavor. Rating- 3.5/5 Tandoori Murg: The chicken was very well prepared. The spices were perfect and the chicken was tender. One of the best tandoori chicken I have ever had. Rating- 4.5/5 Tandoori Mushroom Cheese Melt: Mushrooms cooked in tandoor with their stems removed and stuffed with cheese and spices. A fabulous dish which was very tasty. Rating- 4.5/5 Murg Afgani: Wanted to have something spicy so opted for this dish. It was pretty good. Boneless chicken in spicy gravy garnished with fried egg. Rating- 3.5/5 Paneer Tikka Masala: This was also quite good. The paneer was soft and the gravy was tasted well. Rating- 3.5/5 Cheese Naan: Tried this for the first time and instantly fell in love with it. Stuffed and garnished with lots of cheese this was the best thing I had here. Of course it is very heavy but very delicious. Rating- 5/5 Overall had a very good experience here. The quantity and quality of food is pretty good. Would definitely visit again and next time would try the biryani here.
Rated Indian Mughlai cuisine. Kebabs are extremely delicious. There was one type of kebab which was originated when the Mughal emperors didn't had teeth but had to have mutton so these were made which totally melts in your mouth and without chewing you can enjoy the taste. The fish masala was delicious too. Apart from these, other non veg dishes had a normal indian taste and are not that good. Service was the main issue coz they took a lot of time to bring on the starters. That annoyed me a lot. I have just tried the afternoon buffet. Enjoy! HAPPY Fooding!
Rated A nice place with a very calm ambience. The interiors are nicely done and the service is also good. We had murg hariyali tikka, murg kalimirch tikka, butter chicken, dum handi gosht and murg biryani and all very really nice
Rated Decided to visit a Biryani place, searched many and found this at a convenient distance. It's on the first floor of R-City. When we entered we were immediately enchanted by the ambiance. The place has a royal look, and popular Hindi numbers were being played on the flute (Not Live). Alcohol is not overpriced here, general rates, To start we got a Murgh Tikka, which was not much juicy, but all right. We started to think that maybe the ambiance doesn't match up to the food. We then ordered Tikka Biryani, and let me tell you, it was beautiful. I mean definitely one of the better Biryani places in Mumbai. We couldn't order the hyped Raan Biryani as only two of us were there, but I look forward to the next time. Ended off with a Zaffrani Firni, which again was very good, with hints of Kesar. Oh, and service is super quick. So I will visit again.
Rated The ambience and interiors is just amazing , you will feel relaxed and comfortable. Perfect place to go with friends and you can also go for family dinners. Achari Paneer was just amazing . Service was also quick.
Rated Simple...... Go to zaffran n try their mutton galouti kababs nowwwwwwww :) Great place for team outings, lunch/dinner with a gang of friends.
Rated A pre-birthday celebration with a close friend at Zaffran's . All we needed were drinks and great mughlai food with less noise and we got it here. Not just the food we ordered was great but also the service. Murg tikka with rice , taftan and veg raita. Food was just way it should be. This place has great ambience too giving its interiors . My scores matches their name 'Zaffran'.
Rated Awesome flavours I'm ice creams, open till midnight 1 am .. So one can have mid night bites when in mood :P Being in the heart of the city is its advantage and you can find queued even at 12 am.. We had mango, pista flavours and they are very yummy...
Rated Tiny outlet but always find a queue of people waiting to buy! I love this brand of ice cream, fresh, delicious and always something new to try. I usually go for their anjeer and chocolate cream, but this time I tried strawberry: delicious!
Rated Our favorite ice cream center all the year round. Almost every weekend after dinner parties, we would head out to the Powai centre and wait in queue for some 10-15 mins to get a scoop of ice cream. They do have 3-4 seating tables inside and 1-2 table outside. One should try the seasonal fruit ice cream that is available that time. Some of my favorites are Tender coconut, roasted almond, jackfruit, mango and sitaphal. Never has it disappointed us.
Rated I have yet to find ice creme that matches some of their signature flavors. Like the tender coconut! Nothing, absolutely nothing beats THIS flavor and only naturals can do it! They have some really different flavors like jamun and watermelon and stuff like no other place does. During season time no one can do a sitafal or mango or chikoo like this place! Plus u can actually TASTE the fruit in it. It remains an all time favorite.
Rated One of the few places that have retained the taste for so long. Also, they keep on adding new flavors as per the season. Mango is one flavor which I thing everyone loves, but coffee-walnut is personal favourite
Rated Everyone seems to love this place, but my experience has been less than great. I've gone back a few times to see if the place grew on me, because I would loved to have had a favourite ice-cream parlour close by, but it didn't. Amongst the flavours that have lapsed in quality over time is tender coconut, which used to be just lovely in the summers. The mango seems oversweet to me, as does the seetaphal. The anjeer is all right, and the coffee and walnut is pretty good after a meal too, but really that's the best I can say. Naturals hasn't lived up to its potential. On the other hand, of course, their prices are lower than the foreign chain shops.
Rated Our standard place to stop by for ice-cream after a meal, and we have never been disappointed. Superb flavours coupled with tidy interiors and cheerful staff have always made us happy. P.S. - Tender coconut is a must try!
Rated Always a go to place to cool down. Tender coconut, mango, jamun, sitafal, roasted almonds, any flavor is good. Almost as good as frozen fruit.
Rated This is like a standard Natural Ice cream joint. I personally feel naturals over time has done injustice to itself. Atleast most of the smaller shops apart from the one at Juhu Scheme. They used to be a beast when it came to ice cream taste once upon a time. You could literally feel the fruit. Now they aren't bad but are not that great and considering the pricing it becomes mor suitable to eat other ice cream brands. When it comes to this specific joint, expect service similar to standard smaller joints of Natural ice cream. The space is not much. If you have never been to one before, then I must say you have to go here or any other store at least once as a part of the checklist. Ambience : 3/5 Location : 4/5 Food Taste : 4/5 Food Variety (within the given cuisine) : 4/5 Presentation : 4/5 Order Time : NA Pricing (relative to the ambience, location and food taste) : 3.5/5 Hygiene : 5/5
Rated We stumbled upon this place while loitering around Mahim in the evening time. The first time, it was very crowded and we could not get a table and left the place. The second time we visited the area, it was perfect timing for dinner and table was available so we jumped in. We are gazing, reading the comic strips, admiring the photos and artwork of the place. We called the waiter and asked for pawns and pork items along with beer. This place is really awesome for its authentic Goan dishes, especially sea food items. Some time later, the owner of the place was making rounds of the guests and had a small chat with us as well. He introduced himself and told us about the little place and all. We just loved the hospitality and the food. A word of caution, you need to dig a little deeper into your pockets in this place. But one should go there at least once, if you are a sea food lover or loves Goan dishes.
Rated One of the best place for traditional Goan food. If u miss goa or goan food do cum here 😋 u vl really love it . The restaurant is not quite spacious but the quality of the food was amazing. They have 3 different menu cards i.e Goan, malwan and Andra Style. V dicided to order from each V tried malvani pomfret fry, andra prawns and n goan sorpotal curry wit steamed rice all were fabulous n awesome. Usually V never get to have sorpotal or vindaloo in any common restaurant..hence it was a unique n amazing experience surely vl visit again..
Rated I'd been there on a weekend, and yes it was worth a visit. Authentic goan food. I and my friend liked it so much, that we ordered some take aways for home as well. The service is good, the ambiance is just amazing. It was just that the beach was missing... otherwise it was really GOA...!!!
Rated One of the best restaurants in Mumbai that I have been to so far. Delicious food and very good service. The place is not big on size but big on food and flavours. Tried bombil and awsome andhra prawns for starters after which we had Goan curry and delicious chettinad with freshly prepared Malabar parantha. They also had someone playing old melodies on the guitar. What added to the experience was the owner personally talking to the guests at each table and asking them how they were doing. Definitely recommended and a must visit.
Rated Nice place.. Love their Solkadi, coconut and cashewnut sukke. Potato sacremento was not good but the chicken cafreal was pretty good.........
Rated This has turned out to be quite a gem of a place! The place is quite small but is beautiful and charming. The food, the food left me overjoyed, the traditional Goan dishes are just great and so are the routine rice and dal! The staff is really nice, helping you pick the right combination of curries based on you taste! Overall this one place, that, as a foodie, one simply cannot miss!
Rated Good food! You may need reservation. It's nice too have a little Goa tucked around in Mahim! Bombil fry 😍😍 The décor gives you a nice goan feel!
Rated Another Marvellous eating place especially for dinner. The Owners are around to make you feel more privileged to dine here with a live performer singing local goan songs with some also request him to sing English or Hindi songs. Personally my 3 favorite dishes were the Pork Sorpotel , beautifully cooked diced pieces of Pork belly and Kidney cooked is a sourish gravy. Authentically a Sorpotel is cooked with the blood of the slaughtered pig and its offals ( Kidney, Liver and Pork belly) cooked in wine and vinegar. Its a bit on the pricy side but the portion quantity is brilliant for two to three people who crave a good Sorpotel. The Roast Pork is to die for and a definite must have in here. Lovely sliced pieces of Roasted Pork Loin in a tangy barbeque sauce. Again the portion size is good for two people unless you love hogging alone. The Stuffed Bombil was a work of art. You have a choice to get the stuffing of either dried shrimp or mellow crab meat. Both are wonderful choices and the size is really appealing. One word of caution if you really wish to enjoy quality fine dine food with some alcohol and are willing to spend a good sum, this place is ideal. I personally rate this 3.5/5 as per the expenses are concerned but definitely a must visit.
Rated Really had super high expectations with the food from this place... Highly disappointed. No complaints about the place, music, ambience, it was just as good as any other bar. The old uncle who manages the place is very helpful, very attentive and welcoming. Drinks had good offers and happy hours. The food- the mini Batata wadas were really yum, the batter skin was crisp and thin and the bhaaji inside was very tasty. Then we called for chicken lollipop(Chinese style)- It just tastes like lollipops in Manchurian sauce and was ultra spicy. We also ordered for kolhapuri style chicken tandoori- I am a huge fan of maharashtrian cuisine and this dish really didn't do justice to its name. It had some masala that was no where close to kolhapuri masala - kolhapuri masala is red and is spicy and the Masala on the tandoori was burnt and was black. There was so much oil, so much oil that there was no taste of chicken and the masala that was used. The food was comparatively very very oily. Service is too slow, had to remind them to bring us food! The above rating is for the friendly old uncle and the mini batata wadas.
Rated Quarter house is a decent place for having food and alcohol with a good ambience. Music is not loud and one can easily chit-chat. Service is prompt and fast. They have lots of offers most of the day, so the day i went it was 'buy 2 get 1 free' on alcohol. Overall i would i say it's great for students.
Rated One more from the owners of Open House Cafe / Tuk Tuk / Homechef !! Plays Bollywood !!! A big plus ☆ Staff is friendly & superb hospitality !! Lots of offers pouring in for all the days of the week !! They have now started a all NEW food menu. The best part about this place is the owners are around & they interact with people !! They take their feedbacks & are open to suggestions !! Garam masala wedges - good . Garlic bread with cheese - yumm. Garlic tossed beans - healthy & yumm. Sweet potato tawa fry - superb. Coriander Pesto Paneer - superb. Handi biryani with Paneer - excellent. Sizzling brownie with Rum sauce - superb. Gulab jamuns with vanilla ice cream - good. Do ask for some out of the box cocktails. We had ordered a spicy cocktail vodka based. This one was served with lots of green chillies. It was really getting hot sip by sip !! Interesting. A nice place with good Bollywood music. Must visit.
Rated Another drinking hole but in Mahim, I would say this end of town needed something like this. Just like their sister concern in Dadar, Open House, this place has a nice vibe to it. I liked their Malwani, Maharashtrian touch to the meals. Good sea food and non veg options. They have good "rice place" options as well. The papad tacos is very good. Modelled on the Janata Lunch home in Bandra, this place has created its own niche. Good food, reasonable food. Nice music. Good place to visit.
Rated Ok place for quick brunch and few drinks. Not much options for food in the menu. Courteous staff. This place will give you feel of some coffee shops as its good for chit chat over few drinks.
Rated This place is good for sudden plans...good food also ...music ain't that good or maybe not my type but you can ask them to play whaterver you want and they have good games
Rated This, Open house, home chef, tukk tukk ..its all from the same owner!! The first time i had visited Quarter House within the first week of its opening,i had actually walked out... the place is dingy..dark..weird music..weirder menu..and at that time there was a weird mahim crowd too (no offence..i'm myself a constituent of mahim crowd :P) !! I go back.. the place is sorta empty..but refined and standard public.. the music is that of 90s... and i see 'misal pav' on menu... and i settle down ;) !! They were a sev-puri complimentary to begin with (would have preferred a complimentary shot..but nevertheless :P).. and this sev puri was one of the better things this evening.. so much so that i asked for a repeat of the free :P !! Next up the Paneer Papad Taco- not recommended!.. the paneer lacked the zing..and even the cheese topping couldnt save it!! I loved the Misal Pav here- actually found it better than that in Prakash!! i will anyday go back only for the misal pav here!! Drinks- DONOT order the Peronita- god knows what this drink was.. i've never had such a bad drink.. i actually left it.. couldnt even gulp it down! ... the bloody mary and the mocktail (dont remember which one) were sorta good though!... This place tries too hard to be cool.. failed to impress me.. :/
Rated I had guests from hyderabad who said garcias was a good pizza joint when they stayed in mumbai . For once i said fine lets try it now . And trust me i am amazed. 2 medium fully loaded toppings pizza for 510 rupees. Thank you for a lovely Sunday evening.
Rated Garcia's pizza is a very small place located a few meters away from siddhivinayak temple. We ordered Texas ronchera pizza. It was amazinggggg! I just loved it. The crust could have been better. Overall good!
Rated The place is really small, and they might be growing. However, they really have a prompt delivery service. I generally take the roast chicken or hot chicken pizza of 7 inches. They promise to deliver in 30 mins, and they have never failed. Both the pizza flavours, I mentioned above are tasty. At least, I loved both of them. The cost is also moderate, compared to other pizza outlets. The only thing is that the crust of their pizzas is too narrow. Although, the stuffing compensates the fact. rest than that, everything is moderately good, compared to a start up.
Rated I dont believe in First Impressions, And always believe in fair chances. When i ordered food from Garcia i mentioned them i am doing a comprehensive review of Food Outlets in Prabhadevi and from Zomato i can see that the reviews are really bad. The guy who picked up my call ensured he will take care of the same and will pass the review to his team. The delivery happened late than usual, looks like they are used to it now. My order was Meal for one which includes Pizza, Garlic Bread and Pepsi 600 ml. Coming back to the review the food was not even good. Good : Bad : Late Delivery, Below Average Package and Contents Ugly : Not Tasty Tips for Starters : Avoid this place for now till they improve. Tips for Garcias Pizza : The Quality was horrible and i wasted the Garlic Bread. The Packaging and contents were awkward and didnt even carry Ketchup or Tissues. Please do read the feedbacks and improve on the Quality of food. meleadan.blogspot.com
Rated I ordered pasta and cheese garlic bread. The pasta was not good and the sauce was very sour. The garlic bread was also ok. Overall experience was not great.
Rated Overall a good serving staff and great pizzas. Only one thing to say that make the thin crust pizzaz a bit more fluffier. Also please do expand the place, the place has only 2 tables!
Rated I don't know why don't people appreciate this place. ..i ordered home delivery and was surprised. .It was actually yummy. . I order the All American Chicken Barbeque pizza with extra salami and roast chicken and a stuffed crust! It was so very filling. . It was fresh. .The stuffed crust oozed of fresh and hot melted cheese..The filling was just appropriate. . I think people should really try this place and give it a shot. . Some really good variety of pizzas and pastas... keep it up! ! Well surely order once again! :)
Rated What to expect when the no given is wrong... Had to hunt through Google to get the correct contact no. This is least which is expected.... Although menu is very good, staff who took the order was courteous... Food came on time.. And Tasted well... For all those interested in trying out the correct no of prabhadevi outlet is 45205100!!!!! Can't give more points as a correct no is a basic thing needed...
Rated I love the pizzas and the garlic breads. They're very fresh and the crust is always perfect. I have ordered for home delivery many times and I am impressed with the delivery time and hot pizzas. The flavors are balanced, though I can expect a little more maybe for seasoning and flavors.
Rated I'm pretty much sure that the best way to deal with the stress is to eat something delicious. I mean is there anything better than food that can take your mind off of all the wrong things in your life?? Yesterday Smokin' Joe's Pizza did exactly that for me for which I'm thankful to it. I ordered a medium sized Chicken Bonanza Pizza with crust of cheese burst & a regular Spicy Salami Pizza. The order took 35-40 mins to deliver. But the pizzas were hot & tasty. The melted cheese was perfect in quantity which complimented the perfectly cooked toppings. Spicy Salami pizza tasted great but I think the a little more salami would have been better. But yet both the pizza were were so amazing that they really made my mood. Well, I should mention that my past experiences with Smokin' Joe's hadn't been as great as the last one. I always found the place average. The place has 5-6 tables and no special ambience. Garlic Bread weren't so good. The place has variety of Pizzas but many of which weren't that tasty. But after last night, I think I'm tempted to explore Smokin'Joe's again.
Rated Was bored of having dominos, pizza hut n etc. Thought of trying something new so i placed my order here.i have ordered hot chicken n a veg pizza. Both of thm was way too much better thn dominos.one of the best pizza i have ever tired. For chicken pizza lover it is one of the best idea to have der.
Rated You get the best pizzas here!! Better than any other pizza joint!! You actually get cheese in a cheese burst pizza when you order for it unlike other pizza joints! Order any pizza and add cheese burst (melted cheesy Sauce comes out from the pizza) to it for just 100₹! It's heaven!! Highly recommended.. Food:10/10 Service:9/10 Ambience:8/10
Rated I am a shameless foodie. I am big-boned (a polite way of saying 'Fat and not able to do much about it') and I love food. I only diet between my meal times. And I can put on calories just by looking at delicious stuff. But who cares, I love good food and I love good pizzas :D My sister warned me, 'do not make your food blog a veritable who's who of pizza places' and she is not wrong! If I had my way,all that I would be posting about everyday would be pizzas from different places :D Actually,more than me, it is my office colleagues who looooooooove pizza and we have that a lot in office. So even though just about till a couple of years back,I was not at all a pizza fan *Gasp*, today I have it at least 4 times a week! And I am not a purist, for me taste is what matters, even if it is modified, even if it is contemporarized, if it is desified. Whatever! It works on my palette, it works! Though my favorite pizza place right now is Pizza Express, I am totally fine with having pizzas from Domino's or Pizza Hut or anywhere else,really. Food should be like language, free flowing, modifying from time to time, picking up local flavors, taking up a new shape at every new turn. I am cool with gourmet stuff,sure, but cheesy gooey goodness is fine too, even if there is no (as a colleague of mine puts it) 'finesse of taste' (whatever that is supposed to mean :P) One of my earliest favorites is Smokin' Joe's. I was introduced to this place in college by an ardent co-foodie. He had a pizza for lunch almost everyday (and STILL managed to look like Thor, without the hammer, ofcourse! *Perplexed*). That time I was staying in Dadar and I started ordering from Smokin' Joe's Prabhadevi outlet once or twice a month and even my mom & sister loved it. I think it is because they don't make absolute 'standard' pizzas. They incorporate some local flavors, and I personally love how they always give brilliant quantity of toppings! I hate it when I have a 10 inch pizza with literally 4 slices of tomatoes thinly spread on a big river of cheese. I love my veggies,even doused in cheese. I want to be enveloped in cheesy gooey magic but I also want to taste ample amount of bell peppers, mushrooms, onions, corn, olives. I can always do so with Smokin' Joe's pizzas. They are fresh, flavorful and quite easy on pocket too. More than the pizzas, my mom (she really does not like Italian cuisine) loved their 'pizza sandwiches' which is basically a baked bread with different combination of veggies,mayo,paneer in various sauces stuffed in like a salad. So think of it as a subway but a little less messier or maybe a pita pocket with loads of delicious stuff threatening to spill out :D In any case, absolutely lip-smacking and addictive. Then we moved out and slowly, we stopped ordering pizzas. But today,we were at a friend's place at Dadar and needed a quick, delicious snack and I realized, 'Hey,it has been years since we had a pizza from Smokin' Joe's'! So there we ordered from their Prabhadevi branch once more. I remember their Tandoori Paneer, Sweet n Spicy Veggies, Supreme Veggies pizzas, all of them yumm. Today,I chose Smokies 5 with 5 toppings of my choice- American Corn, Mushrooms, Spinach, Onions and Capsicum along with Paneer Tikka variant of pizza sandwich. As always, it was delivered within 40 minutes (estimated time being 45 minutes), absolutely fresh, pizza base being thin & crispy as per my liking, paneer tikka being as spicy as it should be (just the way my mom loves it) and the smokies 5 pizza itself was perfect without even using any seasoning on top! Spinach was boiled and then baked (I think) and you have to taste it to know that it might sound unappetizing but it tasted great :) Ample toppings as always, brilliant and tasty as always. Spent just about Rs. 700 for a very filling evening snack between 4 people and none of us feel drowsy :D Rekindled my earliest memories and they are as delicious as always :) ♥♥♥♥ celebratemybeautifullife.blogspot.com
Rated I like their pizzas maybe because they have little indian touch. After celebrating Nupur Harmalkar's birthday we were hungry, so we ordered from this outlet. A paneer tikka pizza and some pizza with five topping, and both turned out to be delicious. Paneer and all veggies were fresh. Apart from this they have amazing offers also. Mekhala
Rated A good place to choose the pizza from many varieties. I've ordered the pizzas many times & it comes very soon in less time then what is expected, except the Sundays sometimes. It becomes difficult for us to choose which pizza to order because the taste and quantity of all pizza are awesome.
Rated I always prefer smokin joes for pizza's...we had almost tried all the pizzas...my favourite is panner chilly..zesty paneer...chicken schezwan...sweet n spicy...try anything veg or nonveg...evrything is well prepared and awesome in taste...
Rated Have ordered on phone n online from this place. Great service. I really appreciate d way they send food in hot bag always piping hot. Chicken Fried Wanton. Chicken Spring Roll. Mixed Fried Rice. Shredded Chicken in Oyster. Chicken in Hunan Sauce. All have turned real yummy. A must try for Indian Chinese lovers. Order an hour ahead.
Rated Mr chows turned into a life saver after a disappointing order elsewhere. The lamb pot rice is absolutely brilliant and quantity is absolutely vfm.
Rated It is specially for home delivery... We have order food from here for many of our office parties... they serve good Chinese food and is cost effective.... Must try :)
Rated Ordered in veg hakka noodles and egg fried rice last week and have been ordering in from chows for last one year now - always had a very pleasant experience - basic simple chinese food decent quality and of late i was pleased to see that the quantities have improved. Soups like the chicken coriander are good and egg fried rice and hakka noodles were very well prepared Nice to see better packaging too Value for money
Rated The best chinese take away ever. This is indeed the best I've ever had. All of their chicken mains are extremely tasty and also different from what we usually find. Chicken chilly Cantonese style, Diced chicken with cashewnuts, Chicken with broccoli, Red Pepper chicken, Chicken pot rice are some of my favourites. Their chicken & spinach soup is very delicious too. This place is a must try.
Rated Absolutely value for money and addictive chinese. Their kung pao chicken is to die for....a simple sweet corn chicken soup is so delicious...my compliments to the chef.
Rated This is the only place I order Chinese from. I won't say they serve authentic Chinese. But atleast they have different preparation for every dish listed in their menu. Rather than typical Indian manchurian and schezwan Chinese. What I usually order - chicken pot rice, kung pao chicken, shanghai chicken, wontons, wok vegetables.
Rated I Visit this place on special occasions, this time on #GudiPadwa because of the special thali. The atmosphere at this place is like "GOA", low ambient lighting & a gentleman playing classic songs on his guitar. All the components on the thali " uploaded image of the dishes served " are served hot. So the taste is fresh and enjoyable. It's reasonably priced i.e 595/- + Service Tax (10%) for the special Veg thali. The non veg thali was also interesting - was served some bombil fry , chicken masala and prawn Curry - 4/5 + few of the Veg thali dishes are served along with it. Overall Good experience food and service wise.
Rated Craving for maharashtrian food? Head to this little gem tucked in shivaji park! It's an extension to Goa Portuguese restaurant. An old fashioned laid out restaurant with some good old authentic recipes on the menu. Watever I tried here falls in a must category. I am sure the other items on the menu would also be similar category. Ambe daal and the crab dish in the starter was just out of the world. Crab was too big in size as compared to other sea food restaurants. The award winning dish of tender coconut is not to be missed although it's not on the diva menu but the staff is warm enough to get it from the goa portuguese. There was a live guitar being played. Although a small place but had a very cozy and relaxing place. A definite go for foodies! Oh! And the doodhi halwa : a definite alert for all the sweet tooth's Food : 5 Service : 4.5 Location : 3.5 Ambience : 3.8
Rated Aamchi Mumbai right here! Old school setting, live music, super friendly staff and savory marathi food ..wat more can a visitor in the city ask for.
Rated One of maharashtrian friend suggested me this restaurant for having maharashtrian food..the food was lovable &a mouthwatering...I ordered pithle & bhakri both were delicious...the crew is quite friendly..the best place n the city for maharashtrian food lovers
Rated This outlet has the classic old school ambience. I tried the Paneer Kolhapuri and the Bombay Duck. The Bombay duck was very well cooked on the inside and superbly fried on the outside....making it a meal to remember. The paneer kolhapuri lacked in both spices and aroma. It was the sheer quality of the accompanying bhakri and garlic pav that made this dish consumable. It was a good dining experience but not a great one.
Rated This is a wonderful, genuine Maharashtrian eatery with wonderful service and great food! The place is very cozy, air conditioned and has a bit of decoration, but nothing overwhelming or annoying- I am not going to run through the list of Maharashtrian dishes you will get in both vegetarian and non-vegetarian styles! I will only say that this is not a quick shop where you grab some Sabudana Wada, Srikand and run! Stick around for a full meal and reasonably priced drinks!
Rated Diva Maharashtra and Goa Portuguese are excellent places to go for their regional food. Authentic taste as well as interiors. The place is a little cramped but it gets very busy on weekends. South Indian stuff is also great.
Rated Authentic Maharashtrian food is served here. The place has a nice decor and the staff is good too. Bombay duck fry is the must have dish here. Seafood served here is good. The owner Mr. Suhas Awchat often takes rounds in the restaurant
Rated Flavours of Maharashtrian food will leave your taste buds craving for more. Fish lovers this place had amazing and more importantly fresh fish. Masterchef Dr.Suhas has handcrafted each recipe. The ambience of this place is very calm and comforting,Worth every penny.
Rated We have always gone their for some authentic maharashtrian cuisine.... the flavours are good... and the Ukdiche modak dipped in desi ghee.... are one of the best I've had so far in mumbai... service is a bit slow. .. and the place is a bit expensive. ..!! But it's a fun experience overall... you also have a guy there who plays your favourite songs on the guitar in the evening... and yess... He plays really well....!! Must visit surely 😊
Rated A small outlet right on the road. Wouldn't really say a great outlet; but okay to grab a quick sub. Wanted to try aalo patty sub with Harisa sauce but it wasn't available :-(
Rated Decent outlet with decent service. The sub of the day for 120rs is a great scheme :D Not too much seating space, but no particular complaints.
Rated Not that the subway in India is any good anyway but this particular subway isn't too great. They often don't have stock in certain beverages or cookies and have messed up my order a few times. I don't really order from them anymore.
Rated I am Subway fan. This subway outlet is located between Mahim and Matunga. Nice place but small sitting arrangement. We had ordered Chicken Teriyaki and Roasted Chicken subs with new Roasted Garlic bread and Multi-grain bread and taste was good. But try to avoid ordering online as it takes around 1 Hr to 1 Hr 30 mins for them to deliver food. I tried with foodpanda once.
Rated This is an outlet for subway.good place.good service they provide..only thing is that the place is too hot each time that u step in..sandwiches are good and always available anytime u go there..
Rated This is a tiny outlet located besides sardar cycle shop nearby lokmanya vidyamandir school lane....! This place has nice seating arrangement with limited seats... Recently they have changed their sub of the day menu, now sub of the day cost has been changed to 120rs, previously there cost was 99 rs... But it's fine coz they have nice subs in sub of the day... I am uploading new sub of the day menu with this review.... Subs are really nice with lots of fillings of meat, vegies and sauces...! And yeah on this 27th they are celebrating 50th anniversary of SUBWAY... so there 'll be buy 1 get 1 offer(BOGO) on same day... Don't miss it.....!
Rated Since everyone is familiar with Subway in general, the review can only focus on the particular outlet. They've had pathetic service in the past, but in recent times it has indeed improved. However, there's still scope for improvement given a stellar sandwich/sub outlet like Ambretto in the area. One positive: They're open till relatively late in the night hence its a handy option for a late dinner.
Rated A very good place for Chinese lovers!! Located in well known areas of Mumbai exactly opposite to hinduja hospital/Status Restaurant had been to his place for having triple Singapore Rice taste was awesome quantity quality was too good!+
Rated "Good Chinese fast food" that's what this is! Late at night if you want to grab some food you can depend on Paul's to be open! In the day it's a small place and very limited seating. By night it opens up and spreads out on the street! Their quality and quantity is great. If you are not a fan of the informal seating you could always order in, their delivery is prompt! Satisfying food and easy on your pocket!
Rated If you are looking for a lavish and out of the box place for Chinese food then you are looking at wrong restaurant. Paul's Chinese is what we can call Indian version of Chinese food similar to what we get at stalls all over Mumbai. This place is very small and interior has an open kitchen and can accommodate maximum 10 people but they also setup tables outside the eatery for more customers so you will get a spot for sure. You can also opt for parcel anyway. Service here is very ordinary but quick. Staff is not very attentive, you will have to remind the waiters about your order many times when it is crowded. We ordered a Schzewan Dry and a Chicken Manchurian Dry for starters. Chicken Manchurian dry was good but Schzewan dry can be improved. Then we ordered a Singapore Noodles with gravy and a Triple Schezwan Chicken Fried Rice. Both were delicious but i think Singapore noodles had the upper hand in taste. This place is very cheap and in vicinity to shivaji park thus making it a good stop for hungry people nearby. I would recommend this place to others and would surely visit it again soon.
Rated Recently tried out Paul's Chinese. The food is your typical very reasonable Indian Chinese food. As compared to the rest of the Chinese restaurants on the Cadell road belt, this one is definitely the best. The Manchow Soup and Chicken Manchurian Rice is definitely something you should try out here. The place is quite shabby to be honest and getting a table here is quite a challenge but is a good place when you have that sudden craving for cheap chinese food.
Rated This place is really good.. Pocket friendly.. Descent seating.. Quick service.. Good taste.. Highly recommended if you're low on budget! Food: 8/10 Service: 8/10
Rated Oh I have been visiting this place for years now. You are hanging out late at night near Dadar-Shivaji Park area with a hungry stomach then Paul's is the place for you. Rates are reasonable and food is great. There are always discounts on Take Aways. The place has only 2-3 tables inside the actual hotel and remaining seats are outside on a footpath with a stool to sit on a small table. But the food is nicely cooked. Soups here are average and except for chicken lollipops I never really fell for any of the starters (but hey, anything tastes better when you are hungry @1am right?). Its the rices and noodles that takes all the praise from me. Triple szechwan rice, chicken szechwan or Singapore rice/noodles are yummy. Although I never had complaint with quantity of chicken pieces in the rice/noodles, my recent visit reminds me to mention that in here. Service is below average during the rush hour. Well, as said earlier if you are looking for a good Chinese food at reasonable rates Paul's is there for you and as long as food is good that's all that matters!
Rated The place is just a step ahead of the street chinese carts. Has got only 4 tables to sit that too very small. Generally other tables are laid on the footpath. Place is Very well known for its late night affair. Food here is decent and service is street food style. Their Triple Schechuan Rice is speciality.. U get it in various variety however u want..... Chillly Gravy Manchurian Gravy or just Schechuan. Normally good place to order Home Delivery but ig u planing to sit and have food here u might not enjoy.
Rated Paul's is typical street-like Chinese corner. The gravy here comes with as much colour as flavour and taste. They serve delicious soups, starters, noodles and rice at reasonable rates. The quantity served is generous but the quality of rice, gravy, etc. can disappoint you. It is a default option if you live close by and are hungry at 1 am in the night. The triple schezwan is a must have for all the thela Chinese lovers. Open air(sophisticated term for outside the restaurant :p) seating is available owing to the size of the restaurant. Hygiene, ambiance and quality food should be forgotten while visiting such places. Instead concentrate on the positives: quick service, light on the pocket and tasty food.
Rated Best part of this joint is its open till late night.... They serve nice Chinese with lots of quantity... Sometimes you have to seat outside the hotel, but it's okk... After al u r getting nice food..
Rated The word "Dhaba" itself says it all....as u wud regularly order north indian food at a dhaba this place also is the same....Our very own Dhaba in d vicinity...if u r a Butter Chicken lover pls pls pls pls do try it from here...its amongst the best ti say this as I have tried almost butter chicken from all possible place hehehe) D seating isnt gr8 I always prefer home deilvery. Their chicken tandoori is also good....Biryani is ok Chinese ok too. The quantity as per btr chckn is enough for 3 ppl on an average and the price is good too, My all time fav place for Butter Chicken n rumali rotis..!!!
Rated Some one recommend tandoori over here so went to give it a try! No wonder the tandoori was good but the ambience were below average even the ac one so I would recommend take away rather then sitting here!
Rated We missed the dal makhani. And the saag makki roti:/ but got our hands on some super good tandoori chicken. Fresh meat, we'll cooked, still soft and succulent and flavourful. Standard good option for anyone in mood for a good tandoori kukkad. Had the rajma and paneer. Have had better but the rotis were fresh and hot and buttery:) Perfect for tht dhaba craving once every while. Ya.. Also cheap:) 900 bucks for 4 dishes 4 rotis and rice andddd yoghurt.
Rated This is a place i had lot of expectations. But, turns out there is nothing great about this place. Edible food. Normal price. No special feeling. Would take a pass on this one. Cheers!
Rated Great food .. hard to find location and a nearly non existent seating arrangement. This place is best suited for take-away/ delivery. Punjabi Chole/ Dal Makhni are must try. Fresh breads. Cost is also okayish
Rated A rather humble looking place near Siddhivinayak, it would rarely draw attention. Its location would probably repel most connoisseurs. But wisdom suggests that sometimes the most simple of places offer the most pleasing of experiences. That and the fact that I was really hungry and this place was very close to my home. Despite the fact that the person who takes the order/owner sounds a little unprofessional, I would still order from this place. Offering Food which feels very homely and very North Indian in flavor, Downtown Dhaba may just be the dark horse of the locality. It has (Updated 24 November 2015) as of now become one of my regular places and I order from it at least once a week. GRUB ========= I have so far ordered Chapatis, Naans, Butter Chicken and Dal fry from the place. 1] The Butter chicken is of a slightly thinner consistency but the flavor is perfect. The portion size is quite generous and is loaded with chicken pieces. While the dish may be oily, it does not feel heavy like the Butter Chicken in most other places. The aroma is appetizing as well. Not the best Butter chicken but good tasty and value for money butter chicken. 2] The Dal tasted very much like Homemade Yellow Lentils. The Heeng amount was just right. I have ordered from many a place but never found any Dal that resembled homemade dal so closely. This place works well for those opting to eat simple food instead of fast food. And well I would always vouch for a place that offers Chapatis. PRICING =========== The pricing seems cheap for the Non Vegetarian fare and a bit on the higher side for the vegetarian fare. To brief it down - Amazing Place, easy on the pocket, will order again. =============================================== Food 3.5/5 Service 3/5 Pricing 4/5 grubzone.blogspot.com
Rated Ordered for a Home Delivery via the Zomato Order online feature. Smooth experience. Food was ordered for 4 people: Butter chicken (4 plate one) - This is huuge. About 6-8 people can eat this portion comfortably and its tasty! Reshmi Kabab- Very succulent. No oil at all. Great to taste Chicken Lollipop- Standard like all regular places. Got 4 pieces Garlic and plain naans- Standard Home Delivery takes 1 hour.
Rated Definitely not a place to dine. Once ordered for chicken tikka masala to go for safer side but didn't enjoyed the preparation. Maybe to early to judge them on one dish but dun feel to order again after seeing the kitchen.
Rated Order-in to avoid the intrusively painful, privacy eroding marketing that you would have to face if you decide to dine in. Albums with celebrity visits being thrust at you and forced serenades being some of the hazards which are a signature of the Goa Portuguesa chain which Culture Curry is a part of. If you order directly from the restaurant versus through Scootsy and Zomato then you have the leeway of dipping into the Goan and Maharashtrian dishes as well. The portions are generous and I love the spicy Hyderabadi style biryani. The quality of meat has been great every single time and the only issue has been the absence of bones to gnaw on since their mutton preparations seem to be boneless. The son loves the thick, coconutty, Mangalorean masala of the prawn gassi and on our latest order we discovered the raw mango prawn curry - the chunky, tangy pieces of raw mango took this curry to another level and it got wiped out in just the blink of an eye. The Rawas Kozambhu is another favourite with its thick red curry with a generous helping of fish pieces - yummy with either the neer dosa or the steamed rice. The chicken pepper fry is a semi-dry preparation with a hint of the taste of the beef fry I remember having with Porothas (the laccha paratha of the South) in Munnar - just a hint though, nothing can come close to that taste, part of its charm lying in the fact that you sat on tin benches, huddling against the wind and tucked into freshly made partly crispy, partly soft parothas with chilly beef - veritable morsels of heaven ! South Indian food immediately conjures up visions of Idlis, medu wadas and dosas - as restrictive as identifying all Indians south of the Vindhyas as Madrasis ! I am glad we have our own slice of the South in Mumbai showcasing the range of regional cuisine and dishing out lip-smackingly great food !
Rated Connected to Goa Portuguesa, this is a nice place to enjoy some South Indian culinary. The Tender Coconut Sukke and Kaju Kothimbir wadi are some of dishes you should definitely give a try. Pair the Sukke with the Lachedaar Parathas. Be there for a good time when in Mahim.
Rated After listening lot about the restaurants and its owner we finally went to adjoining restaurants called Goa portugesa and culture curry, We went there with expectation of good authentic veg south Indian food, but to out dissapointment, menu had nothing much to offer, still, we tried Malabari curry with uppam and Malabari Paratha.. which was ok in tatse but nothing exceptional, potato starter was really very mediocre. The worst part was service, which was very very slow, mocktail which was ordered came after main course. The funniest part was that all the waitors were busy serving group of foreigners and were ignoring others. The most hilarious was owner himself going to each and every table and enquiring about the food, there also the owner seemed to be picking and choosing the table, well all and all not very satisfying experience..Food is very costly as well.
Rated Had been to this restaurant adjoining Goa Portugesa in Mahim. The place used to offer alternate south indian cuisine beyond idlis , dosas etc.The uploaded menu seems to have changed and has a lot of maharashtrian stuff making me wonder what's left for Diva Maharashtracha to offer. The ambience is good and food is expensive. A place you can go with friends as well as family.
Rated This place run by Dr.suhas and deepa awchat is the best place you can find for regional cuisine...this place serves the best south indian food in the area...cant name just one dish as all their dishes are truly amazing...mind you all the dishes are specially crafted by deepa awchat...do try their crisp appams.
Rated Its a heaven for sea food lovers and that too south Indian style.they serve authentic cuisine from Goa, Maharashtra and south India.The restaurant has good sitting arrangement and friendly staff.Andhra chicken and their special chutnies are my favourite.simply mouth watering food!
Rated Authentic south indian tasty food. Appams are a must have. The mushroom shaguti was delicious. Great service. The owner comes over to have a friendly chat. Good ambience. U need to have a heavy wallet though
Rated A good place to have traditional South Indian meal especially fish items. Belt of Dadar, Matunga and Mahim are lucky to have restaurant like this apart from traditional Maharashtrian food joints. Staffs are friendly & will help you out in making your choice for meal, as this is contemporary South Indian restaurant not the traditional one. Hence some people do get confused in deciding what to have and what to not. Recommended: Korri Roti (Chicken Roti and curry) and neer dosa
Rated Being a weschool student, thambbi is like second canteen to our college. The food is decent and being decently priced. cheese Paper masala dosa and scezwan idli chilly are must try. This place serves one of the best rasaam around. Hygiene can be issue as I found hair twice in dosa, after which I stopped going.
Rated Overly crowded always because of its nearness to the colleges the waiting queue is always long. But the food really tastes good. Especially their sambhar and full thali is so appetising. The coffee is good as well. They generally write the best of the day on a small black board. Only bad point is its too congested inside and hence it becomes a fish market when fully occupied.
Rated Wanted to try this place as it kept me intriguied because of its different name.. So finally visited this place with some friends.. Its a tiny restaurant with not so good ambience.. The service is also not that good.. 2 dishes i liked especially were Schezwan Idli & Cheese Pakoda.. Overall the experience was okay!!
Rated Thambbi!!!! A well known Popular restaurants in Mumbai a good restaurant for Tamilian foods (South Indian) taste of this outlet is too good among other outlets of thambbi ambience is too good must visit South Indian foodies:) :)
Rated A little place which serves quick bites and proper lunch! Trust me I never thought South Indian food is beyond idlis wada and dosa! This place took me for a surprise because they had a typical South Indian thali. Priced at rs 110 i have no complaints it looked great and tasted yumm! Ambience are just about ok! And yes avoid going with family.
Rated Not a big fan of south Indian dishes, but air conditioned south Indian restaurant....Not all the dishes are recommended but some of the dishes are good.Shezwan dosa, pav bhaji dosa are good to try. Its over priced for sure.
Rated An air conditioned version of South Indian restaurant... Small siting place All the dishes are quite nice Onion uthhapa, sezwan dosa are few to try out here Dal khichadi was a great dish to eat here but when I came here after much long time I found the quality of dish depressing Less of taste...tastes good with papad
Rated A hole in the wall eatery that's really nice ! Yummy food but the place is quite small... Tried pizza dosa, pav bhaji... definitely going there and trying more of it.
Rated Thambbi is wer i go.. to have my favorite neer dosa with chutney. Having said that,tried it once at their chandivali outlet..turned out to be too dry for my palate. So i guess its good only in this branch. The sambhar rice with papad is decent too although not authentic. Ambience: 3/5 Service:3/5
Rated Must try one of the best maharastrian food joint place in Mumbai Everythingh was traditional and was tasty Kannada bhaji Tikha Bhat Northindian And kharwas All tasted good will visit again
Rated This place offers good Maharashtrain fare. But the rest of the dishes are quite hit or miss. I ordered a Jain Paneer Balls masala and a Chocolate milkshake today. The masala dish tasted more like kofta and I couldnt taste paneer at all. Moreover, they sent it with a packet of sliced lemon and onion next to it. Now when you say Jain, you clearly dont want onion anywhere close to your food do you? The milkshake priced at 110 is just milk, milkshakes need to be thicker than what they serve. Their Paneer Butter Masala & Shahi Paneer is quite good. And I absolutely love their Paneer Cheese Samosa. But thats about it. It ll mostly serve as a go to place if you want to have something other than South Indian for breakfast. That too only if you live in a walkable distance.
Rated Superb place to try out some authentic and iconic maharashtrian fare. It is located right on the main road and around the vicinity of a number of popular eateries. Tried their Missal pav, excellent spice level and sprout loaded, bhakari and kala vatana (black lentil ) ussal and Thalipith too.. all were well made and had a homely taste to it. Don't forget to try the iconic ukdiche modak and the kharvas is to die for too. Overall an excellent attempt to make maharashtrian food mainstream.
Rated If you want to try authentic maharastrian food then this is the place....Misal pav is yummy and try Masale bhat awesome taste and batata wada is also crispy nice place to visit with family...!!
Rated For anyone who has grown up in a Maharashtrian household, potoba would bring up pleasant memories. Potoba is the Marathi equivalent of tummy. In a strange way, the food served here also does the same. I have only had Malvani food here every time, I guess by default! The food is really good. For those wanting to sample authentic Maharashtrian cuisine, Pithla Bhakri, Phodhnichi Chapati, Masala Bhaat are a must! Also do not miss the Misal Pav, it will remind you of home cooked food. So will the puran poli. Tag along a friend who is aware of the cuisine and trust me, you will have a memorable experience here. Of course top it up with Sol Kadhi or Chaas for a belly full of good food!
Rated Knowledge of the existence of unknown is self-absorbing and never more when it's the food we are talking about. I don't exactly remember how I came across this place but sure glad that I did. After looking at the Gharchi Athvan menu, I knew that I had to visit it for the unknown Maharashtrian dishes were calling out to me to be eaten. I was particularly fascinated with Phodnichi Poli as it looked good and the way my friend told me about its preparation, it hooked me right there and I wasn't disappointed - crisply fried, peanuts and other things (which I didn't know) tasted heavenly. Further, we ordered bhakra mataki usal and tikhat mith puri lonche (mistakenly instead of Thalipith) both of which were decent to taste especially the extremely spicy chutey given (we had tears rolling in no time). Overall, the food was good and value for money too. However, was it the authentic Maharashtrian food, I cant answer but sure can say that food is tasty enough for worth visiting once.
Rated Very unique style of food. Excellent traditional Marathi breakfast. The podnichi poli and the sabudana khichdi are must tries! In addition. The sabudana vada is probably the best I've ever had. Very good food. Try it when you don't want to eat the regular south Indian breakfast over to weekend. Swetha Ramakrishnan
Rated It is one of joint in dadar - mahim area which serves maharashtrian food .The restaurant also serve Punjabi, Chinese and other snacks but it's known for maharashtrian menu. The food is priced pocket friendly. The ambience is pretty decent and simple. And the place is not that crowded you manage to get a table easily. The mirchi thecha, pitla and bhakari is the best dish and also the varan-bhat with ghee. The place is worth visiting again. As I m sure it won't disappoint me
Rated What a great place is this to treat your taste buds with Maharashtrian food. Service is excellent. Order from Gharchi Athvan section, everything is worth having. Loved the Bhakri Matki Usal, Bhakri Vangyachi Bhaji and best known Phitla Bhakri...
Rated Highly economical place. We were three people and the bill turned out was 578rs all inc. The taste is really good just exactly higher than the price quoted. Hygine is fine it can be enhanced. Service being good but the staff is not courteous. They don't understand what the guest or customer is saying.
Rated I couldnt find any non veg restaurant in this area so zomato helped me with home deli. Not having any other option I thought of giving it a try. The entrance is not very presentable so checked twice on zomato whether it is the same restaurant having so many good reviews. Indeed it was. The food is good. No complains...fully satisfied....during peak it may be cramped as the space is very little. I would suggest this restaurant for good non veg food in prabhadevi area. Loved it Thanks for making my evening. :-)
Rated This is the first eatery I went to after landing in Mumbai.Generally delivers food and operates a very small restaurant the food here is cheap and the chicken bell pepper noodles I had ordered tasted ok.Here the owner and the staff were very courteous and friendly.
Rated This place is really good in terms of taste, given the ambience and where it is located and is almost a mini hidden gem. The place is extremely nondescript but churns out surprisingly good fast food Indianized to some extent. The service is a bit on the slower side, but not so slow that you wait for an hour for a single dish. We got the starters fast but the main course took time though surprisingly he had said the other way round. The starters were good in which we had Gold coin and paneer 65. This indochinese preparation certainly bought back memories from the childhood and was right on the dot and they made it even though it was not even on the menu. The main course was pot rice in peri peri sauce and was the best the best dish of the evening. It had a nice quantity of exotic veggies in a tasty sauce served along with the local schezwan chutney on a bed of rice. Next we had a mega triple sandwich was also good and the indianized pizza which was a bit sweet but still overall okay. The best part about this place is that it is extremely economical. For a reference point just see that they serve eggs with bacon for 80/-! Even after all this and two juices our bill was below 1000 rs. Go here for good Indian fast food and especially it's Chinese and how highly value for money it is.
Rated Surprisingly tasty, home cooked feel to the food from Home Deli ! Almost (but not quite) in the Crystal league. If they were able to control the oil and spice levels even more then it would get there. The other great thing was that all the dishes we ordered had a distinctive taste unlike the ubiquitous, red, makhani type gravy that different combinations of protein and vegetables are usually dunked in. The chole palak was a nice change from the usual and the gobi Banarasi was refreshing different, cooked with a green herby masala. The son liked the corn with saag the best. The Reshmi kabab was tender enough and passed muster. The tandoori broccoli was good but came generously interspersed with cauliflower ! My only issue was that there was no kadhi on the menu so we had to be content with just the khichadi. Downtown dhaba makes a punchy garlic and pakoda laden Punjabi kadhi and Spiceklub a lighter version but the rest of the food is too oily and masala laden to qualify for frequent order-ins. A great discovery - waiting to try more of the non-veg stuff with the next order Update from a subsequent order - the murgh mussellam is surprisingly decent and comes in a gigantic serving though it tastes more like a cross between butter chicken and chicken tikka masala rather than the Copper Chimney version. Wish the pieces were boneless though. The chicken tikka platter that we ordered was a really generous portion and the kababs were tender but tasted like they had been part boiled before being finished in the tandoor
Rated Quick and tasty home delivery joint. Their combo meals are good value-for-money. They have multi-cuisine offerings, but I personally think their Chinese food comes out tops.
Rated Dont judge book by its cover....! Home deli located at narrow prabhadevi temple lane.... You always find more than a 10 bikes which are mainly use for the home delivery, outside this place.... By seing this kind of scenario, thing which have come into mind that this place has huge network for delivering the food.... Instead of concentrating on decor they have concentrated on the food n service.. this thing makes it special and appreciating....! Its a really nice place to visit.... they have sandwich, Chinese food, punjabi food, burger, pizzas, etc in their menu....! They have unique combo also in their menu... Really yummy food with good quality.... Must visit....!
Rated The solkadi is thick, the black spots of dreg at the bottom standing out against the thick pinkish liquid that comes in a cutting chai style glass tumbler with a metal stirrer spoon. I take a sip; the taste is a bit like the badam milk of my childhood but the sweetness heavily tempered with a dash of tang! I feel happy as I dip the Bhakri into the crab curry and take a bite. My eyes close in elation as the taste buds begin to savour and send messages to my brain. The Crab curry too is sweet, almost "Bengalishly sweetish"! The gravy is thick, coating and nestling inside the hollows of the crab shell. The coconut flavour comes out predominantly but I can also, most certainly decipher the pleasant sweet flavour, acting like a veil over the spiciness of the dish. I had read about this eating place in a book titled "only fish" once and had learnt about the subtle differences between gomantak, malwani and other cuisines from coastal regions on the west coast of India. So I was eager to try out this place. The eatery is a small outlet in mahim with space to accommodate hardly 5 four seater tables. The place however is clean and has a large board hanging from one of its wall with pictures and names to identify different kinds if fish. On the other wall is a picture of a lady who started it all, the owner talking about fried pomfret. I survey the scene as the waiter serves me my own pomfret fry and Bombay duck fry. After that , I am oblivious to the surroundings as my taste buds tingle and discover the music hidden inside every bite of the food.
Rated Nice home style cooked goan style restaurant located just opp paradise theatre. The cooking is done by the lady who's also the owner of the place. The food was fresh and easy on stomach. Lots of variety of in sea food and thalis. The ambience may not be that fancy but food is a must try at this place.
Rated Sushegad is that place you head to when you are craving some home-made sea food just better in terms of taste! It is as non-descript as they come in terms of ambience and location. But it is the food that shines through. Do not miss the stuffed bombil for anything, it's a bombay duck sandwich with prawns masala. Mind blowing! Moving on, the prawns cutlet and prawns masala fry match upto it! In the mains, we have tried every type of fish fry / gravy available on the specials menu. It has till date never disappointed! Top it up with a homely sol-kadhi and you have yourself a perfect meal!
Rated If you want to relish Goan food, this is the place for you! Amazing food.. Best thing about this place is, they serve fresh fishes (which is very rare in other restaurants)! Highly recommended if you're a fish lover! Ambience: 5:10 Food: 8/10 Service 7/10
Rated Sushegad, Mahim After the brilliant experience at Gomantak, it was time for another Malwani/Gomantak adventure last weekend. The destination this time was a rather nondescript joint on the roads of Mahim, which boast of a large number of eateries all around. This place had been on our radar for a while and we had read about how one lady runs the kitchen – it surely promised a dose of homely fish curry and rice, which was exactly what we were hoping for. However, on reaching, we decided to be a tad adventurous. Rather than the regular thali, we decided to a-la carte and ordered for Prawn Cutlets, Tisariyo (Clams) Masala, Chicken Cafreal and Surmai Rava Fry with a couple of Bhakris. The cutlets were the first to arrive and with a side of onions and their homemade green chutney (sweet and spicy), they were extremely delicious! The clams arrived next, and this was the first time I was having one of the staples of the Malwani/Gomantak cuisine. I loved it! The gravy was thick and spicy, and it went particularly well with the Bhakris. I enjoyed licking the clams clean, and needless to say, I am having more of it in the future. The Surmai Fry was a revelation – two medium sized fillets for 150 bucks – and boy, was the fish fresh! It was even better to taste than Gomantak, which I thought would be a tough one to beat, but my friend loved it so much that he ordered for a Surmai Fry Thali next, with fish curry by the side. The curry was good, but a couple of notches below Gomantak, but I still drool at the quality of Surmai we chanced upon that day. I am going back for it soon. The Cafreal took some time to come, but when it did, it was a bit underwhelming. In fact, I think this is the most average Cafreal I have had till taste, and it lacked the signature punch of spice and peppercorns. It was reduced to a rather lighter version, like you’d make at home, and I realized that approach does not work with Cafreal. A particular item on the whiteboard had caught my attention, and I took a leap of faith – Bangda Uditmethi. The guy at the table said it was a special dish, and even if Bangda (or Mackerel) is not one of my fishes of love, I decided to try it out. Well, the preparation was a hit. Tasty, hot and infused with whole spices, it went rather well with steamed rice and we polished it off quickly. I later read up about the preparation and it is actually called Udda-methi, cooked with a powdered mixture of uraad dal (yes Arnab, you were right) and methi seeds, and is fabled to be one of the authentic Goan preparations straight out of the grandmoms’ kitchens. We topped off the meal with a Caramel Custard, and though it was not the best-in-class, it was soothing after the spicy feast that we had had. Overall, a great place for a simple, no-frills meal but the next visit is some time away, until I explore few more eateries of Bombay. Oh wait… the Surmai Fry warrants a visit pretty soon…
Rated Walking in the by lanes of Mahim on a mildly pleasant night made me reach this tiny gem of place that was almost missable from a distance. Upon close inspection I debated entering for about ten mins and then mustered enough courage to enter, encouraged partially by my having noticed Goan food splashed on a white board inside and partially by a very comforting looking maternal figure inside. I had to sadly order just for one, which was limiting and confusing all at once, but i derived comfort from the usual suspects and I am happy to report that everything was oh so purrfect! I started with a really mean mutton curry which was chunky and soft all at once with a fiery gravy that worked as a perfect foil for the slightly chew neer dosa. The accompanying Bhakri was a bit off for me, but that could also be my atta Roti abused palate. I also doused the fire from the meat with a rocket sol kadi that had distinct spice notes and packed in a punch. My fried prawns arrived subsequently carrying love notes from the sea, carefully gift wrapped in semolina and perfectly spiced and hot and juicy. I ended my meal on something I had been eyeing the minute I had arrived- a fabulously set caramel custard that came swimming in golden liquid caramel and made me weak in the knees. Good things come in small packages, and sometimes so do exquisite food experiences :)
Rated Mother's kitchen comes to life here! Staying away from home? Miss home food? Worry not! This place serves as the ultimate resort when you are home sick and want food cooked by your dearest one. If you like seafood, nothing like it. Here, I am talking about food cooked by this one lady with the help of few people in the kitchen of a small outlet at Mahim. Renowned for it's Bombil Thali, this place brings the most kickass Konkani cuisine at prices pretty affordable. I have had the luck of eating some superb Crab Masala and of course, Bombil Fry and I drool while I write this review. If you haven't been here, you are a waste of life. Go right now and ask for all that you think you can intake. Do remember to thank the lady in the kitchen and see the smile on her face. Priceless! Foodie cheers!
Rated Every time people at my office crave for some seafood. One name pops up, Sushegad. Have ordered a plenty of times from here. The fish is fresh and perfectly fried. The malwani style chicken is finger licking good. The Solkadi tastes like heaven. Sushegad has got almost every thing that a sea food restaurant should be dishing out! Very well done. :)
Rated This is a small place in Mahim, a homely joint, with very basic furniture. A lady runs it and the food reeks of home-made goodness. I tried the bomb il stuffed with prawns with a small quantity of masala. I absolutely loved it. It was spicy and authentic. I can't wait to go back and get my hands on some more seafood.
Rated Great Goan food place almost as good as home cooked can get. Managed by the owner who is an old lady who does all the cooking herself. We had some lovely solkadi, yummy prawn cutlets, a crab (de-shelled) masala with bhakris and a seafood biryani specially made for us (not on the menu). This is a very small place with not much of an ambience but the food is finger licking good. Prices are very reasonable and full value for money.
Rated The place is the following : - Food : Tasty - Service : Very good - Crowd : Nice - Location : Awesome - Atmosphere : Energetic The place is highly recommended by me.......
Rated The dunkin doughnuts here are completly different than what you get in abroad.Tried a chocolate eclair dough nut.. did not find it much interesting..it was just sugar no flavor at all..there are couple of better brands serving better dough nuts
Rated A confused place.. So here's the problem... great decor, fast food service, great donuts, not so great burgers, expensive coffee.... what is this place.. please decide a placement for your restaurant. BTW after trying this place a few times... I am convinced that their burgers and wraps will remain as inconsistent as ever. The donuts are great.. far ahead of Krispy kreme or MOD. The coffees are all named differently than their original ones in the US.. the dunkachino the sweet wonderful hot coffee is not available. All in all.. many nicer places to go to...avoid the burgers and you will be fine.
Rated This place has good ambience, nice music and spacious seating. I have been there sometimes now. Mostly whenever i get there discount msgs. :P I have tried there burgers, cold coffees and doughnuts. Doughnuts are good, soft and fresh but pricing is bit on higher side unless using any discount. They have good range in burgers too, taste is decent and above average quality. They are somewhat filling too. Best things from lot is dunkinchino (there version of cold coffee) according to my choice. They r tasteful and topped with cream. They have combos options also. Defiantly a one time place to ur nearest branch.
Rated Dunkin donuts are fairly new in india and donut market was of mad over donuts only selling it commercially but here is a tough competition to them.. The donut ppl are here with there creamy stuffy and and flavorful donut range which almost beats mod left right and centre though a bit pricier but taste matters more according to me.. And apart from donuts the burger coffee and all things in the menu are nice aswell
Rated So I was here on a hot afternoon around 4,and we wanted to drink something cold, and not have the donuts. We tried the chocolate shake and the slush, the slush was especially refreshing and the shake was a delight, who can say no to chocolate right? Good on the cliché.
Rated This was my first visit to the Powai outlet. Very nice spacious shop with good ambiance and comfortable sofa. Their donut variety was good and full stocked up on a Sat morning. Not much to say about the food. Any DD shop are great and succeed in making customers happy. The donuts are great (my fav being the classic glazed). I tried a few of their burgers and they are pretty good. Though i visit this place for the donuts. As usual full points for any DD outlet. Keep on spreading happiness.
Rated Was here today..ordered a combo of dunkin hot chocolate and zingy choco orange..the donut was good..although small in size..wat i didnt like was dey dont serve it in a plate..they give it dirctly in the tray..the hot chocolate was though a let down and felt tasteless..
Rated Dropped in here on a Friday evening to find the place sparsely filled. I guess we should have got the clue then and there as the CCD just beside was overflowing with patrons.Anyways, the aura of the place was good with bright lights and modern setting. We got ourselves seated and had a glance at the menu. They seemed to publicise a lot of burgers rather than donuts here and we thought of giving it a try. The staff seemed rude and grumpy :(. I really expect people at coffee shops to be lively and all smiles. We quickly settled on two burgers and a drink. Double Smoked Chicken burger- the bun was stale, onions gone bad and the chicken patty hard and dry. One does not expect this at 160bucks + taxes. McDonalds manages to do a much better job at just 30bucks with the chicken McGrill. Dunkin's Veggie- Yet again a very stale bun. It literally crumbled when I held it in my hands. The patty was tasteless. Sauce no good either. Chocolate Dunkaccino with cream- not the best cold coffee but definitely a saver. Did not get a chance to try the donuts here. But with the experience I had on my first visit, not planning to visit back anytime soon.
Rated Please. Note this place in only delivery models which offers biryaani. They offer good biryaani in Powai locality. Try if you are around not exceptional but taste reasonable for the amount you pay Taste 7 Service 8 Ambience 5 Value for money 8 Overall 7
Rated Biryani here tastes like what your mouth has been craving for. It strikes the right chord with the double masala add-on available. Normally the chicken is well cooked too but for the past several weeks, they seemed to have lost it. I would have rated it 4.5 had I have written this review a couple of months back.
Rated The word Biryani is like a trigger word and something happens inside me. I start dancing no matter where I am (even if you cannot see my body move, my heart is jumping with joy)... Kuch Kuch Hota Hai..!! ;) When I discovered Nawab House for the first time around 6 months back, I finally put to rest my hunt for The Perfect Hyderabadi Biryani in Mumbai. I have lost track of the number of times I ordered chicken biryani from here. I even recommended this to so many of my friends and colleagues. One day my friend told me that she had ordered chicken biryani from here and it sucked. I shunned her off by telling her that she did not have a good taste in biryanis. To prove her wrong, I decided to order chicken biryani the next day. And so it arrived within the stipulated time (they have never delivered my order late yet which is excellent) and I in a haste, opened the lid and took a whiff of its tantalizing aroma and could immediately tell that this was the perfect hyderabadi biryani. So I began eating in anticipation (and still very much trying to prove my colleague wrong) but to my dismay, there was hardly any masala (even after ordering double masala). It was like eating fragrant rice with flavored chicken. I thought it might have been a mistake and I phoned them to clarify, but they said nothing was wrong with my order and they did send double masala only. I was not happy with their answer but I did not make a big deal out of it. I continued ordering for a couple more times but alas, there was no change. The quality went down even more. The rice was not moist at all and was so dry that I could hardly gulp it down. It saddens me to say that this is no longer the perfect hyderabadi biryani (and even more because I couldn't prove my colleague wrong). Nevertheless, their double ka meetha still continues to cater to my sweet tooth (by 'tooth' i mean 'teeth'..all of 'em..hehe). It is a steal for just 50 bucks (0.5 rating extra for just this dish). Even though my friends and I have stopped ordering biryani, we continue to order this dish and the good part is they don't say no to just delivering the sweet. I hope the quality of this dish at least remains unchanged. Being a "Just Delivery" service they have always maintained their service levels and what's more, they even keep running a lot of offers (on all major online ordering platforms) but if the only basic thing which is the quality of their biryani goes down like this, I don't know how are they going to keep themselves afloat in this ever demanding and punishing food business. I hope they take this seriously and make every effort to serve "The Perfect Hyderabadi Biryani in Mumbai" once again.
Rated I heard from my friend that they serve really nice hyderabadi biryani, but it turned out to be a disaster as they don't know how to manage their restaurant and to do delivery on time. An order placed can take anywhere around an hour to two or even more. They just keep saying we are still making the biryani, that you would loose hunger by the time their precious biryani arrives. Wonder whats been cooking for so many hours ?
Rated Nice biryani totally dum and spices flavour .Well cokked.quick delivery and nice serivice.over all will recomnet to have Chicken biryani if ur near mwort it biss 160 rs u cant get Biryani soo YUMMM.
Rated Wahhh!! This place has best hyderabadi biryani in entire Mumbai. You should definitely try this place if you are into biryani. This biryani is a staple food @ our place.
Rated Being a biryani lover, the expectations are bit high when I have ordered chicken biryani from this restaurant. To be honest, it is one of the best biryani I ever had in whole of Powai. I especially liked the Mirchi ka saalan which they provide as a side dish along biryani. One thing which you can improve is taking consideration of the personal choices of the customers. I like my biryani a bit spicy. So, it would be good if I have an option. Overall, it is yummy!!
Rated Biriyani is their speciality and it is worth the price. But not the kind of biriyani i would die for and have again. The masala is good but not again unless i have no other options.
Rated The biryani is good and it's value for money if you are ordering from FoodPanda (you will get some discount there, for sure) It may be a personal experience, but i always find the masala and stuff at the very bottom of the plate making it difficult to mix it with the rice which is at the top half of the same. Otherwise, its total value for money.
Rated As the name suggests their food is really stuffed. I tried the shawarma and it was delicious. The sauce was generously put in with the hummus and your favourite veggies. Since I got it delivered at my place I wouldn't be able to review on the ambience of the place. However if you are looking to try shawarma and have a delicious experience. This is the place to enjoy it.
Rated This is the first time I have changing my review based on the customer responsiveness of the restaurant owner. I have ordered multiple times from this outlet but through food ordering apps like swiggy/ foodpanda and their site. However, the last couple of times had been particularly painful when I tried through their site. The site did not register my order and there was a glitch. However, despite a lacklustre performance on the IT side and the website being very very basic (doesnt have a profile which shows past orders) the customer care is very responsive. Just drop them a mail at feedback@stuffed.co.in and they respond immediately. Coming to the food, their shawarmas are very soft. I would say quarter notch above Maaroosh (who probably intro-ed Mumbai to Shawarmas, and I am a big fan of Maaroosh. So it is saying something!). I tried their sandwiches as well which was pretty good. The chicken club sandwich. Their falafel was pretty awesome. Now I often rate restros on their genres as I believe you really shouldnt compare across genres. I mean a Mainland china and a Khiva and a Oh calcutta is good in their own fields but cannot be compared. So in the genre of lebanese, I feel it deserves a 4. Scopes of improvement: Revamp the website with a profile and orders history. would make life a lot easier for foodies around. Cheers.
Rated I am a big fan of its chakala outlet so decided to order from here and sadly it does not meet the same standards. I ordered Chicken Pesto Pasta with Cheese Garlic Bread and Lemonade. It arrived without much delay and was nicely packed. So no complaints in that part. But the stuff was not that good. Pasta sauce was far from impressive and tasted very average and in some points even below it. Garlic Bread were soggy and not at all appreciable. My Rating: 1. Food: 2.75/5 2. Service: 3.5/5 3. Packaging: 4/5 4. Value of Money: 3.5/5 neverknowsbest.in
Rated Perfect place to order in your quick meal from. Excellent shawarmas, decent sandwiches. The packaging was good, as was the speed of delivery. Pretty decent value for money.
Rated A decent, average street food joint which does not serve the typical street food. I just tried their Mexican chicken schwarma and mushroom express pasta. The schwarma is fairly decent and has a mixture of spicy and tangy fillings. The barbecue sauce was good, but parts of the filling were in turn, hot and cold. I don't know if that was the intention or a mistake, but either way, I did not appreciate it. The pasta too, was decent in flavour but the sauce was too runny. Overall, decent price and thumbs up if you're not too concerned about what to eat.
Rated Had ordered their Chicken Shawarma for home delivery few months back. It was pretty average. Not the best one I've tasted in town. Maybe a bit of pickle n cream could be added. :)
Rated Stuffed is yet another joint that serves labenese cuisine in galleria, Hiranandani. I liked the shwarmas here, particularly the classic chicken shwarmas. But, the veg shwarmas were good as well. I liked the hummus that they serve. Overall it's a decent place. One can think to drop by for a shwarmas here. The only thing that I did not like was their refusal to serve one veg and one non-veg shwarmas in a meal for two combo, even though the cost for veg and non-veg combo was same! This made no sense to me.
Rated You get the best shawarmas in Powai area here. I regularly order their large open chicken shawarma and it easily fills one. Delivery is quick and price is reasonable.
Rated Decent chicken sla Mirch. The biryani ( murg tikka dum )wasn't great though. They missed parts of our order and overall the service didn't seem good at all because we had to call them several times to even get water.
Rated Food 3.5 Service 2.5 Arounf 500 for 2 people Ambience 3.5 bcoz of happipola next to this place Veg and non veg are equally decent taste. Ordered Biryani(decent), panner( good) , roomali roti and seekh kebab(good)
Rated The best dish you can get here is the Murg Mussalam with Rice/ Naan. Its awesome in taste and quantity that two of us couldn't finish it. I would even recommend their biryani , though the quantity upon price factor is quite small ! I dont appreciate the ambiance very much as its located close to lounge and the restaurant is more or less like a pathway for ppl walking in and out from there.
Rated Friday's lunch are expected to be good ones. This wasn't the case here :/ Ambience: 1/5 - with the summer coming it will come down to 0/5. Too hot for a daytime meal. Food: 2/5 - 1 starter ie #afghanchickentangdi saved from getting 1/5. Paneer starters, chicken seekh kebab(at least this would have have been yum),v/nv biryani, sawarma... All of it -A Big Fail ! Service: Nothing extraordinary. Nothing much.. Just wasn't a gud visit.Not recommended.
Rated Food - 3.5/5 Ambience - 3/5 Service - 4/5 Value for money - 3.5/5 This place is located right outside Hoppipola in Galleria shopping centre in an open area. So can get stuffy and hot in the summer months. It's a no-frills place serving rolls, shwarmas etc. We tried the butter garlic mushrooms and it tasted good. Also tried the standard tandoori chicken, can't really go wrong with that one..
Rated If you're looking for cheap and good non vegetarian food in and around Powai, go for it. The restaurant is an open place situated in galleria, Hiranandani. Don't expect anything on the ambience part. There are just tables and chairs arranged with senti songs playing the background. We have ordered Chicken Tandoori and Afghani chicken tandoori for starters and Chicken Lahori, Chicken Karachi and Chicken tikka biryani for main course. The chicken is soft and juicy. I especially liked the Afghani tandoori and the tikka biryani. In short: Food: 3/5 Service: 2.5/5 Value for money: 3.5/5 Overall: 3/5
Rated Would like to warn you that it is not the original Kareem's from Delhi. Ordered Gosht Seekh Kebab and chicken Tikka Kebab. Though the chicken was well cooked but the margination was a total give away. Not recommended.
Rated While my once an occasional visit to Mumbai to meet someone at IIT Powai , he recommended and also accompanied me to this place at Hiranandani Gardens and the name of the place was "Kareem's". Its located just opposite to the Hoppipola !! The staff members were polite and accommodated us in a large dining table. Quite cool !! It was open space sitting arrangement in the mall. After a lovely journey from Pune to Mumbai with a serene view of the valleys and ghat just beside your window in the bus , I was too hungry to decide the menu. So we asked the staff to tell us about the best items. At last we ordered Murgh Lahori (Full), 6 Garlic Naans and a Half Murgh Dum Biriyani. The order looks too heavy for two persons , but we were so hungry that we couldn't resist ourselves for this order. The Murgh Lahori was spicy and tasty, the Garlic naans were soft and the Murgh Dum Biriyani had nice aroma. It was quite spicy , so the staff helped us with bottles of water :P. The only con of this restrau is that it doesn't have a washroom of its own. So I ended up sharing the washroom of some another restrau. :D Overall , nice experience.
Rated Visited last week for a take away. We ordered roomali roti and Goast Karachi as suggested by the staff. The mutton was okish. Nothing appealing. 2.5 rating is apt for such a place.
Rated Maggie is back and we thought of trying it. Though not a big fan of maggie, went ahead with the plan. Hungry head is known to serve some good maggies. Office colleague suggested this place and at the end wan't disappointed. Saturday is a day where we go out usually to some restaurant or order online. This time it was online order.. 1.food 3.5/5 order was all sorts of maggie from biryani,thai,oye punjabi,bbq. I will suggest bbq, biryani or oye punjabi maggie. We requested them to make it little spicy and they did exactly that. Maggie was hot though the order reached late. Around 40 to 50 minutes.Maggie was good but not that delicious. For a change it was good but i would have preferred egg maggie. It was too plain and not that great. 2. Value for money 3.5/5 it is slightly on the costlier side. 110 to 160 as per choice. They do have offers, kindly check while ordering to get discounts. Ordered veg burger as well and it was really nice in taste.. 3. Staff service 4/5 order arrived late. 4. Location 5/5 powai. I would suggest go for it if you are a maggie fan or for a change. Don't think will order again just because I am done tasting different flavours.
Rated The menu looks little different and good and hence I ordered the food and my stomach got upset after having it. Do I need to say more ? I would not recommend it.
Rated What more can you do with the quintessential student favourite maggi? The answer is this place, where you take maggi and combine it with various cuisines from around the world. I have passed this outlet multiple times but never got the chance to try food from here. Hence one fine day with the need to try something novel, I decided to take a chance on my lovable maggi and ordered Say Cheese Maggi with salsa mayo fries amd exotic cheese garlic bread. The delivery took a little time which led to my food getting rather cold with the fries and bread going soggy; taking off a lot of points from my rating. As far as the flavors are concerned; the garlic bread was good just a little too salty, the fries had gone a little soggy but the mayo was a surprise. The maggi was delicious, I did make the effort to reheat it in the mess microwave causing it to be the savior for the day. The corn complimented the cheesy flavours rather well, making me sigh in relief, for the day had been saved. I'm not hating the outlet completely; just not calling for delivery anytime soon. All in all, kudos to the team for the amazing twist that they have come up with which will satiate the child in you (with maggi) as well as the foodie with its overwhelming variations. One maggi to rule them all!
Rated Very yummy food+innivation ,just love the taste of jain Margarita maggizza ,will definately try some more dishes ,the only issue was just for 2 same pizzas they took around 1 hour to get it delivered, they can improve on this,taste food ,decor everything is perfect
Rated A few months back, a colleague of mine looked very worried. I asked him what's the matter so he said and I quote "My wife is visiting her hometown but that's not why I'm worried. I knew to cook only 1 dish and now even that is banned". Well this is the time when maggi was banned. Fast forward to the present day - I met him recently and he looked worried again. I asked what's up and he said "now that maggi is no longer banned my wife is not making any plans of visiting her hometown". Lol!! Jokes apart, I'm sure most of you would agree with me when I say, Maggi is one such dish that everyone has good memories linked to because it was/is cooked during a study night or even during a late night house party. It has been and will be the most relied upon dish ever! The best part is it can be cooked in 2 minutes (well not literally but you get the point). But when you think about it, it is such a simple dish and there's nothing extraordinary about it at all. Then came along Hungry Head, which took the simplest of dishes and made it into something which is so incredible. At this moment I want to say that I am greatful to Zomato through which I was able to find this true hidden gem of a restaurant. Almost everything listed in their menu is made out of some form of maggi along with added flavours/spices. Favourite Maggi: basic ingredients and also easy on the pocket. I have tried burnt tomato maggi (3/5) and say cheezzzz maggi (Jain variant ordered by a friend 3/5) Exotic Maggi: more complex flavours and this is where you should ideally pick a dish from if you ask me. A little more expensive than favourite category but definitely worth each buck. I have tried farm to wok (3/5), biryani (4/5), 3 cheese (4/5), oye punjabi (3/5), khow suey (5/5) and this is my favourite of them all. Khow suey also happens to be my favourite Burmese dish and trust me this tastes so similar with all the fried onions, garlic and roasted peanuts. Bhel Maggi: never tried this yet. Sub Maggi: maggi in a 6 incher. An excellent twist to a regular subway sandwich. I tried the red dragon magsub and it was yum. Burger Maggi: the patty is made up of boiled and mashed maggi with added flavours and spices. It is a delight right from the first bite till the last. I have tried only the classic magburg until now but I'm going to try the other variants soon. Pizza Maggi: haven't tried this yet. Fries: With 12 different variants, everyone has something they will like for sure. I have also tried their Mango flavored Ice Tea and it was lovely. It maintained it's refreshing hint of ice tea with a blast of mango flavour. The only dish i have been dying to try from their menu is the blooming bread but unfortunately it is always out of stock. I must have called them about 20 times in the last couple of months asking if they have started serving this dish again but every time I get a disappointing answer. Eventually the person who answers the phone also recognized me and told me the story being the missing blooming breads. He said it's a baked dish and the bakery they had a contract with has shut down. So they are in talks with other bakeries who can fulfil their order and that's taking more time than expected. I sure hope they figure out a way to stock up those blooming breads soon because I am growing restless with each blooming day..Hehe!! They have always delivered on time. They even have their own website through which you can order. They run some good offers on their website too so be sure to check it out at hungryhead.in Keep up the good work guys!
Rated Maggi Maggi Maggi and even more Maggi! This place has a crazy array of food made with Maggi and oh so many flavours of the classic. They serve Maggi with Italian seasoning, Maggisubs, bhel Maggi, pizza Maggi and Maggi Burgers, now that's a whole lot of Maggi! They even have some really tasty cold coffee to offer. We visited the place for an evening snack and asked the owner what he'd recommend. He said Aglio Olio would be a really fine, slightly spicy Italian option and so we went for it. To say I'd never tasted Maggi that was so good before would be an understatement. They took something as simple as Maggi and transformed it into something else entirely. I loved 'Meri Maggi' here and am going back for something more experimental next time. Maybe a MaggiSub??? You never know ;)
Rated Food innovation in india is pretty lame and is limited to the high end chefs who experiment with "molecular gastronomy" & the deconstructed dishes that they prepare.For me however its what you can do with one single ingredient and how you can take its base flavor and build flavors upon it. Hungry head nails this. It takes the plain old maggi and layers italian,indo chinese ,burmese and thai cuisines on top and it works!!. I have tried the simplest of these and the most complex too and they all work. The simplest is the aglio olio which is simple maggi with just a hint of garlic and oil and some base flavor.Its stunning and the chilly after taste nails it.The most complex of these combinations is the khao suey which they build with coconut mlk,cream,crispy fried noodles ,fried peanuts and a wholesome spice base.The khao suey is the epitome of innovation & proves the fact that you dont need a Michelin star to innovate.The maggi base and the masala taste is always in the background and never overpowers the layered cuisine ,rather it complements it. The burgers again are fantastic and have multiple cuisine twists as well. The hidden gem of this place is also the fantastic iced tea that they have .Overall a small joint but a big step in food innovation.
Rated Best place for Maggie lover. It's local in Powai near hakone game zone. They have Maggie with different varieties like Maggie pizza. Loved their Marburg especially the red dragon. Would luv to come back again... It's really reasonably priced must try
Rated One of the small eating places in Galleria with a seating arrangement that serves indian Chinese. Ambience is not that great, but service is prompt. We ordered china house special soup,kung pao paneer and yam mein noodles, which all tasted great. Definitely you can visit this place if wanna quick satisfy you cravings for desi chinese! Happy dining!
Rated Total value for money place. Hungry and craving Chinese but don't want to blow your budget? Head to China house. Very few places get the chicken momos right. This is one of the few places in Powai that get it right every time. Don't go with high expectations, just good old momo with decent stuffing inside. I personally like the threaded chicken and crispy chicken chili. The mains have just the right quantity and are packed with flavors. Didn't care much for the desserts but honey crispy noodles with vanilla ice cream is my favourite! A must visit place in powai for Chinese food that is totally VFM. thenomadicgourmet.com
Rated Tucked in a corner on Hiranandani galleria's first floor, I found a gem of a Chinese restaurant. The ambience was ok nothing to boast of but the food was very good and very Indian (not typical Chinese / Thai). We tried only two items, chef's special soup which was delicious, thick and fully loaded. And then Thai pad Thai noodles which was not Thai but very Indian served with red sauce and was amazing. I would recommend if you like Indian-Chinese.
Rated Was roaming around Powai and it was lunchtime so went to the most obvious of places- Galleria, but this time decided to try something different from my usual hangout spots. So went to this quaint little store in a corner. Now to sum it up: Ambience: 3/5- nothing much to say, small store with cramped places, they tried to add as much authenticity as they could so we shouldnt blame them. Plus they had two TVs with the India vs Australia match going on, so we didnt focus too much on the ambience anyway. Food: 4/5- Very good, all the items we tried were delicious- especially the Kung Pao Chicken, that is a must try. The Fried Wantons were very tasty too. Service: 3.5./5- fast and prompt, and they wanted to serve everytime. So that was a nice experience. All in all a good experience, would recommend this for Chinese lovers looking for a good meal without too much hassle.
Rated Located on the 1st floor of galleria, this tiny restaurant does not seem very appealing to enter, on the first go. However, once inside, it is visible that they have tried their best to make it a nice place. I loved the Chinese lanterns that were hanging, giving you a feel of one of those probable small joints in China. The food was good. We ordered for the kung pao paneer and yam mein noodles, both were the perfect combo of desi Chinese. So if you want to have desi Chinese which is easy on the pockets, this place can definitely be in your list from Powai.
Rated My first close meetup with vegetarian Chinese food. As I was part of a vegetarian group when visiting China House, I took this opportunity. We ordered the China House special soup and Kung Pao Paneer as starters. The soup comprised of spring onions, tomatoes, pumpkins and carrots among others. Though generous with the veggies, the soup overall was somewhat under-seasoned, and I had to add chilli pieces extra in considerable amount. The Kung Pao Paneer was seasoned well, but the fennel was overpowering. For the main course, it was China House special noodles, Thai rice, Stir fried Chinese greens and assorted vegetables in a spicy sauce. Finally, the noodles and rice were great. The stir fried vegetables too, were not bad, but reminded me of the soup in terms of seasoning. The assorted veggies consisted of peppers, cauliflower, mushrooms which were cooked up in a well seasoned sauce and a was great complement with both noodles and rice. Overall, quite decent food and reasonable pricing. Service can certainly be better.
Rated Went in for a office lunch and this being my first visit was excited to try out some indo-chinese :)... However was surprised with the food quality- ordered two varieties of veg dumplings along side kung pao paneer. All the three dishes tasted stale- dumplings made out of sour dough. Then came the main course house special sizzlers which tasted quiet bland. To add to my surprise one of my colleague spoted hair in her plate. Won't recommend this to friends and family.
Rated With the wish to escape the brutality of mess food and the need to eat healthy excluding the salads, we decided to give this place a try. The food arrived within 30 minutes and the packing was simple as well as efficient. We ordered - The Ultimate Cottage Cheese Sandwich was supposed to have dijon mustard and mayo but got completely overpowered by the mayo. The bread was a little soggy as the packaging had no ventilation. Barring all that, it was a pretty decent and simple sandwich which was rather fulfilling. - The Alfredo Penne pasta was a tad bland and lacked decent amount of chicken which was disappointing but had sufficient amount of bell peppers that gave the dose of flavors intermittently. - Toned Cottage Cheese in Mushroom Sauce was a delight. It really woke up our taste buds post the overdose of mayo with its rich sauce and flavors. The rice were a tad bit under-cooked, and the cottage cheese was lightly tossed with black pepper and relatively soft. It was the saving grace of the day. The accompanying salad was decent but topped well with olives and peppers. Would definitely like to try their Herbed brown rice meals sometime.
Rated The specialty of this outlet are the Herbed Brown Rice Meals, among them, I have tried almost all the non-veg ones. Didn't like the chicken meals that much, but loved the Lean & Hot Fish (basa in piri-piri sauce) and Prawn in Garlic Sauce meals. The Prawn cocktail salad was good too. The appetizers are pretty average, have tried Fish in Teriyaki Sauce and Grilled Lemon Chicken, both were drenched in moisture by the time they got delivered and the spices were in a slurry mess, so proper ventilation of the boxes is missing.
Rated Bored of the usual outlet visits, we decided to order food at home. Zomato always finds you the best of the lot. Greenz! What we ordered and what you must: 1. Toned Cottage Cheese in Piri Piri Sauce: Grilled cottage cheese in piri piri dressing served on a hot bed of herbed brown rice. To top it, a complimentary serving of herbed pasta salad with hummus dip. Something unusual. Sumptuous. 2. Veg Pasta in Mix Sauce: Choice of spaghetti/Penne pasta in deliciously cooked veggies loaded with an ample amount of cheese. Tasty bhi. Cheesy bhi. Healthy bhi. I'm baffled knowing that the food was warm, tasty and deliciously cooked, served at a mere distance of thirty minutes from my place. Great Going Greenz!🙌
Rated Being a foodie is TOUGH! The love for food and an acceptable waistline are 'disjoint' sets. In the search of that balance, whenever i come across healthy food at the convenience of a phone call, I HAVE TO ORDER! This is what led me to Greenz. The menu is quite interesting and after much deliberation we settled on a chicken pasta salad (i cannot have JUST ghaas poos) and a king of protein sandwich for my dearest hubby. The order arrived in time. I opened up my box of chicken pasta salad and all i could see was pasta that too tossed in a bit too much of oil. There was chicken, yes, but really tiny pieces and that too around 5-7. Effectively they were two bite size pieces cut really really small. Basically it was pasta tossed in oil seasoned with spices and namesake chicken..NOT EXACTLY A CHICKEN SALAD or HEALTHY! Moving on to the sandwich, 'king of proteins', the name would make you think of a sandwich bread with loadss of chicken and mustard. What we got was normal sized brown bread (the likes we get from the local kirana) with decent amount of chicken but absolutely NO FLAVOUR! I could not even taste the mustard, it was mainly mayonnaise. Now, if the purpose of the joint is to serve delicious healthy food (which i think it is) they fail miserably! But what hurts me the most is the stinginess in the portions for the price. Another 'healthy food joint' bites the dust..and the search continues...
Rated Fresh ingredients and lovely flavor. The food isn't too full of spice but it isn't flavor less either. I love the clean and neat packing which makes take away worth it. Moreover the ingredients they used were of good quality and really fresh. Overall a must order, especially if you are a health freak.
Rated We had sandwiches and rice meal from here. The chicken letuce tomato was awesome. We ordered the utimate cottage cheese sandwich which was yummy as well and the vitalizing lemon chicken meal which I found the rice to be a bit bland. The complimentary salad box was good as they offer variety of veggies like lettuce, olives, jalapenos,bellpeppers.
Rated A great option for fresh and healthy meals delivered at office or home. Tried the brown rice chicken meal which comes with a complimentary salad. Overall the entire meal was very well cooked and specially the chicken was perfect to the core. Keep it up.
Rated We thought of having a healthy lunch and were equally lazy to step out. We quickly browsed through the menu of Greenz, a place we have been meaning to order for a while. We placed the order through Zomato and the food arrived in exactly 15 minutes. Boy, that was quick :D What we ordered? - Chicken Pasta Salad - Whole Wheat Pasta Tossed in Veggies and Chicken and served with zero fat dressing. This was wholesome and tasted well overall. - Smoked Chicken Sandwich - Three Whole Wheat Bread Slices with a stuffing that consisted of Chicken, Dressing and capsicum. The dressing tasted almost like Mayonnaise, I really hope that wasn't the case as it would defeat the purpose of being healthy :) Verdict : Overall a good meal if you want to feel healthy and light at the end it. Will be trying out more options in future as they have an elaborate menu.
Rated Being a nutrition conscious person, I must say Greenz tops my list of most healthy & delicious meals restaurant! I go to the gym and there is no better, wholesome meal than their Chicken Brown Rice with Exotic Veggies Box. I loved their food on day one and have been on an uninterrupted subscription since. the last two months. Order ANYTHING from here. Its a NO BRAINER!
Rated Tried the combo of Mutton Kasha and lachha paratha. The parathas were nice and big. The mutton gravy had a bit more oil than required. The combination was deadly though. Two parathas with the gravy and you are done with lunch. What adds to the calories is the caramel custard which comes as a part of the package. One of the best caramel custards I have had in a long time.
Rated They used to have the best egg biryani but I see that off the menu. I loved eat here or order in. Their food is just different! Bring back some of the old offerings and you have a fan again!
Rated Located close to IIT Bombay. This place has a fine ambience. It's a fine dine. Tried Chicken Kosha and a mutton with curd gravy dish. I really enjoyed both. Also tried the Bengali Puri. I'm a huge fan of Bengali food and this place does justice to the food. Very rich and heavenly taste. The service is a bit slow though. One thing lacking is that the staff should just give a brief idea of the dish, because the taste is different and acquired. If you're new to this kind of food, you may reject it outright cause it didn't suit you palate. The prices are a bit on a higher side. If you you are a Bengali food lover, I would recommend the place.
Rated This place has the biriani which tastes very close to the ones in Calcutta.. the rolls are also nice but they don't add the signature sauce or kashundi you get in any roll shop in Calcutta.. This place is to cater to the Bengali palate.. so I would suggest the non Bengali crowd to not expect the typical biriani or a typical roll here..
Rated Well, I rate it 4 for their Mutton Biryani and Fish Chops. Whenever the Bengali in me wants to go biryani binging, I have found out that this is the best option around. Feeast@East was better even a few months back, but Hangla's consistency has been great. Yes, their fish chops are a little dry, but they are extremely tasty. And the Biryani is more than filling, with two solid chunks of mutton, a potato and an egg. But all this decreases the amount of rice in the Biryani, which is quite delicious. Perhaps their packaging should increase a bit in size. I have tried the Fish Kalia too, and even if the pieces were good, the taste was very average. Just go for the Biryani, it's awesome.
Rated The best bong biryani in Powai, the chicken chop is decent as well. Prefer getting it delivered through TinyOwl, one of the few Bengali places which gets something right.
Rated I have ordered only once and the experience has been great. Delivery was on time and packaging was good. Ordered the fish chop and mutton biriyani. The fish chops were good, if not great. The biriyani was good too with good meat pieces and quantity. It is the authentic kolkata biriyani , but it can be better. Being a bengali its nice to have a place like this around , prices are justified too. Will add other fav dishes as I order in the future.
Rated I like to have food sometimes here when outside heat is less n really want to hog on some sumptuous meal. A egg chicken roll n then a mutton kosha n chicken biriyani can complete the day. No disturbance please 😊
Rated the best parathas of galleria are served here,you will be amazed with the varieties of parathas and side dishes they provide. good service and even takeaways and home delivery are not tiresome.. always a check in in when you relish parathas at powai.
Rated Good place for trying out various paranthas. The best one is spring onion cheese parantha. It is not a very great place ambience wise, but the taste is kickass, if you like punjabi style spicy paranthas.
Rated I ordered for Cheese Aloo paratha and it was nice.. No doubt tasted good but the raita was sweet.. which I dint liked however the quantity and the quality was really good.
Rated Found this place while looking for Pav bhaji places in Powai as it was already past 10:30pm and were looking for joint that would be open. So timing wise, being open late was really good. Food also was pretty good. Pav bhaji wasn't over the top but it wasn't bad at all don't think one can go very wrong with Pav bhaji. Also had ordered Tawa pulav and it was very tasty-super poly - but again very tasty. This is in between many different food joints and a common sitting area in between more like a food court...
Rated This place is simply too good to be true. Piping hot delicious parathas made to order served with thick wholesome dal makhani, chilled dahi raita and nimbu aachar. It doesn't get better than this. We ordered for the aloo garlic paratha and cheese mushroom paratha and you wouldn't believe how nice they tasted. We also asked for Punjabi lassi and this without a doubt was one of the thickest, creamiest and tastiest lassi I've everything had. P.s. VFM gets a 100/100 from me.
Rated This place is at 1st-floor in galleria and seating space is common for all eateries around. Service is usually quick but getting a table in evening (around 9 pm) and on weekends is quite a task. Coming to the menu, the menu includes paratha, Punjabi dishes( with Indian bread ), pav bhaji, juice and milkshakes. Parathas surely dominates the menu with permutations and combinations of aloo, gobi, garlic, green peas, onion, tomato, cheese, paneer, mushroom and pudina(mint), corn as ingredients they have created around 130+ paratha varieties. The best thing is that without looking at menu just ask the waiter to get a paratha with the ingredients you want and don't get surprised as the same paratha is already there on the menu. I have not tried anything else than parathas. Every paratha order comes with 2 parathas, dal makhani, boondi raita and pickle. Parathas here are good in taste and filling too. Don't expect parathas to be great as the parathas in North Indian but still I am ok with the decent taste. Light on pocket and probably one of the few places in mumbai to get good economic parathas.
Rated Ordered cheese aloo and chilly gobi paratha Cheese aloo was good 2 parathas with dal tadka and boondi raitha costing 120 to 150 Sufficient for a single person. 3 of us had 2 plates, so almost value for money Nice place in galleria to try different kinds of paratha
Rated Paneeer biryani is great ! Good biryani served . Home delivery within an hour. Parathas are also good but not the best. Dine in place is weird cant afford to go their.
Rated Great place to have parathas. Cheese paratha is d best. They serve 1 n half paratha with Saar n rayta, someone with low appetite couldn't have a entire paratha 😝😝
Rated "Nutans paratha world" -the name sums it up! You will find amazing variety of parathas in one place . Cooked in typical dhaba style , served with rajma daal and aachar , it will make your tummy really really happy. The corn and chilly parathas is our favorite one -Must try if you are are someone who loves spicy food. There is a whole lot of other tasty and interesting parathas available to match interest of each and everyone. The service is quick and the place is truly value for money . Must visit to pamper yourself with Desi tadka. Happy dining :)
Rated A very good joint for bengali cuisine. It's not a proper restaurant, more of a take away. Thus giving it 3, otherwise for food, it can claim 4! Try dum biryani (kolkata style with potato and egg), kosha chicken. Awesome combo. Youncan also try authentic bengali dishes like paturi, posto etc. But don't miss the biryani.
Rated One of the best Bengali eateries in Mumbai. The biryani is simply mindblowing- in fact better than the famous Arsalan's in Kolkata. Equally good & finger licking was their chicken kosha. Yummy. Ate everything to my heart & stomach's content. & surprisigly the cost does not burn a hole in your pocket, given the fact that it is located at one of the prime locations of Mumbai.
Rated It seems good place to try bengali style nov veg dishes especially fish items. We tried mutton kosha, chicken kosha with lachha parathe. As starter we ordered chicken boti kebab its quite different from usual kebabs. Overall had good dinner.
Rated Pretty decent food. Chicken kosha is indeed good, as suggested in so many reviews. Jhoori bhaja was delivered warm n crisp, which was nice. Rolls are humungous. Quite crispy. Definitely intrigued. Looking forward to trying sorsey fish &/or biryani next. Oh, and, quick delivery! Which is also a plus.
Rated I ordered the egg roll. I know it doesn't do justice to a Bengali food joint just ordering egg roll, but since I was alone I didn't want to end up wasting food . But I must tell you , the egg roll was so simple yet perfect. The base / parantha was crisp ( which I rarely find in rolls) and the filling was onions and green chilies . And never before did I know simple ingredients could bring such joy ! Next time I shall definitely try other things on the menu .
Rated Excellent food.. Though i am not a bengali, i loved their chicken kosha with aloo. The gravy was just right. Even the aloo was soft and mushy and tasty.. The lachha paratha was crispy and tasty too. Would love to visit this place again..
Rated Didn't visit the restaurant yet. Ordered from here via zomato. Another bong restaurant in the powai area. Will give a tough fight to bhojohori manna and bijoli grill (but bijoli has a lot more varieties). I would suggest this restaurant to all bong ppl out here in iitb campus and in and around powai area. It's really value for money restaurant. Ordered shorshe mach which had two big pieces of katla awesomely cooked in shorshe (I mean mustard). And also ordered chicken kosha which was also great. Great food, quick delivery. Overall a bong had a great dinner, thanks to peetuk. Looking forward to visit this place once.
Rated It is a fine small outlet in galleria on first floor serving real good Bengali Cuisine in the corner of Food Court area. I ordered mutton kosho with chapatis. It took some time but it was indeed worth it. Tender pieces of mutton in amazing spices. The spiciness was so apt and satisfying that it made a place in my favorite places for mutton allover in Mumbai. Staff is good and prices are also on down side. 1. Food: 3.5/5 2. Service: 3.5/5 3. Value of Money: 4/5 neverknowsbest.in
Rated Authentic Bengali food. Appropriately spicy chicken and mutton kosha. Do try chicken chaap masala. Its has a gravy made of cashewnut onion etc. Worth a try!
Rated The chicken dum biryani was good but the chicken tikka biryani passed muster. The packaging was good and full marks for that. The taste could have been better as the dum was missing. The pricing also is on the higher side and needs a revisit as the quantity is less. Has potential if they reinvent and go back to the basics of the true Hyderabadi biryani.
Rated Simply love their chicken dum biryani ! Order it frequently and its at your door step when you wanna eat it ! Their combo packs are also recommended if you are in a really really hungry state , its totally great !
Rated I came across the name of this place while reading some article! "One of the must try places of Mumbai"😘. N staying so near to this place ,we quickly planned a dinner here. The place is lil and cozy with smiling few staffs and decent ambience. We had 1.Chicken dum biryani : yum 2.Mutton Kheema biryani : double yumm 3.Chicken seekh kebab : one of the best 4.Veg biryani : okayish 5.Veg cheesy Paneer starter : Loved it 6.Drinks : good to go. Recommendation: A helathy and delicious biryani place.. Must visit at least once!!🍖🍱🍛
Rated Just loved their Mutton Dum Biryani and Mutton Seekh Kebab. The Chicken Dum Biryani and Mutton Shammi Kebab are good too. The specialty of biryani here is the ghee-fried cashew pieces that give a crunchy feeling in between. Didn't like their Chicken Reshmi Kebab though, was too dry unlike the typical ones I had before elsewhere. Biryanis are a must try!
Rated Nice neat packing and once you opened it the smell of chicken Dum biriyani enchants you. Supplement a small bowl of raita which was little sour n may be from last batch. Biriyani was good n sumptuously enough for one adult person. Three good pieces of chicken n with enough amount of masala. Long grain rice with fried onions on top. You guys passed the test today but soon we will order some more and check the consistency of service. The delivery boy needs a special mention as he was through unprofessional n stupid.
Rated 10 out of 10 for timely delivery, they kept me posted by sms. Chicken tikka dum biryani was amazing, chicken was moist, there was lots of masala as expected, raita served with it was fresh and perfect. 10 out of 10 again The only thing i found a lil less than satisfying is the quantity. It was not sufficient for 2 medium eaters. Else, affordably priced. Overall great experience.
Rated I had ordered from here for the first time last week and I must say I was impressed. The quantity, quality, taste.... Omg. It was not biryani which differed only in name and not taste. It was distinctly flavoured and how!!! :) the quantity is good and leaves you too full and happy 😁 both the chicken and mutton biryani I ordered were sumptuous . Writing this while I am waiting for their biryani yet again :) a must try
Rated A different ice-cream technique or rather an ancient technique called the "Sancha" , no doubt I have tasted this form of ice cream from a small vendor quite some time ago couldn't believe a person could have even started off a chain of an ice cream parlour with this concept. So very well the staff is very hospitable and knowledgeable about their product and various flavours that they could recommend.There were two flavours that caught my tastebuds 1. Sugarcane 2. Berries and on tasting both I guess they were two fresh flavours that I have ever tasted in form at an ice cream and were Yumm to the fullest. Well the server even suggested to taste the "Guava flavour" and he sprinkled it with salt and chilly powder mixture, as soon as you have it feels like ur having an actual Guava from the small street vendors , all I could say was great job whoever had this idea. Love it will surely visit again. :) Ambience :4.5 Taste: 5 Service:4.5 Quality:5 Cleanliness:4.5
Rated Located in Galleria, on the similar line to naturals. The taste is bit different and more rich than Naturals. One should give a try to Roasted almonds and Asli Mango. Roasted almond was the best I have tried till now. Home delivery option also available in the nearby locations.
Rated Like naturals ice cream? Give this place a try . Amazing fresh ice cream and also pocket friendly. Tasted the guava ice cream with masala and namak , orange ice cream and the flavour of the season Asli Mango . The mango ice cream was one the best I have ever had. Smooth and fresh . After this tried the plain malai kulfi which tasted quite similar to new kulfi centre in Marine lines.
Rated loads of options to choose from. their variants are so different from NATURALS with sugar free icecreams on their listings too. choco and kiwis are must try!!
Rated With my friends I visited some days ago after dinner. Its good place to try different flavours of ice cream if you are ice lover. We tried cookies n cream, Guava Glory and Funky Ferrero. All were delicious.
Rated I have heard of this legendary ice cream parlour but never had the opportunity to visit this place. Finally i visited this small little shop which was crowded even at 11pm, I instantly knew that the experience is going to be memorable! Sugarcane and my favourite guava flavour was amazing. Had a scoop of each. Next time will try there sorbet and kulfi also.
Rated They are certainly a competition for naturals, I tried the fresh mango flavour, it brought back memories from childhood. The ice cream tasted very similar to what my mom used to make at home. I am certainly visiting them again!
Rated Heard of Imli or Guava ice cream? That too, served with the matching spices? Stumped really! Tried my hand on the guava ice cream with the teekha masala sprinkled on it - all natural ingredients including guava pieces! It woke up my senses to flavours that are delectable. I recommend you to visit this little, unassuming shop at the Galleria, Hiranandani at Powai. You will want to go back again!Sonali Mukhopadhyay Kaushik Moitra
Rated I generally visit Naturals Ice Cream, if only because I am kinda addicted to it. After multiple recommendations I visited this place, which remained oblivious to me in Galleria, Hiranandani, even after roaming this place for years, and I was not at all disappointed. The 3 of us ordered one Sitafal (Medium Scoop), Classic Chocolate (Small Scoop) and Pineapple (Shake) - I love the idea of multiple scoop sizes, especially considering it is quite economically priced. The ice creams, along with their warm waffle cones were all quite brilliant - quite smooth and consistent, with true reflections of the flavours ordered. The shake was decent - I had hoped there was something to chew while gulping down the shake. The staff is quite helpful, and let's you taste as many flavours as you want before you decide. I loved this place, and I intend to visit this place for more flavours - the ambience too is quite slick and vibrant; and it's not really heavy on the pocket.
Rated Good ice cream varieties. These are not very commonly found flavours. But what is missing is the natural kind of flavour in it. The seasonal ones are good but they aren't very refreshing. I'm not a big fan of Naturals but they are far superior to this place in terms of tingling your taste buds.
Rated Delight for Chinese Lovers, Come here for Different and Unique Chinese Dishes. Try the fish dishes they are mind blowing. Rice Preparation, exquisite, the staff guides you with Perfect Gravy Choices. Chinese Lovers...Must Visit! !
Rated Ambience 4 Food 3.5 Service 4 Food taste is fine but quality and quantity is good. A 3 course meal will come around 1200. Quality ingredients, all exotic vegetables, fresh and tender chicken We Ordered sizzling rice mushroom soup Malaysian noodles, Guangzhou chicken and Beijing noodles. Beijing noodles is flat noodles with super spicy green sauce.
Rated This Place has been around for years, Serves great chinese food, sits right in between authentic and Indian Chinese, Good portions, good menu, the staff and services makes this place a classic. Must go for a chinese food favourite, The food is not refined, and no fancy plating, but it's good on flavor,
Rated This place serves some of the best authentic Indian Chinese food. The ambience will make you feel as if you are dining in some hotel in mid80's&90's. So nostalgic! Each dish is a surprise in itself and the quantity is pretty good for three.
Rated Great Chinese food. Some of the highlights - Noodles. Crispy. Soups. Desserts. Good balance of quantity and quality. Definitely will visit again.
Rated Of the many times we have been to this place and many times we have ordered takeaways. This is the first time I am writing a review for this tried and trusted place. Value for money kind of place with generous portions of food. The ambience has been the same and I tend to agree that the place does get noisy when it is a full house. There is no bar so you see multiple covers when in large group knowing what to order and get out fast. One of the few Chinese food serving restaurant s serving good Pork dishes. We love this place and hope they atleast serve beer and wine and do something to make the place brighter atleast during the day.
Rated One more Italian place in town not doing any justice to this world renowned cuisine. It is in the food court of galleria market in powai serving Italian and Chinese cuisine with a good staff unlike most outlets in the vicinity. But in terms of food quality, they are nothing better than average. I being a fan of white sauce pastas ordered a Smoked Chicken Alfredo. It arrived in 10 minutes and looked real good with a pair of well made garlic breads and toppings to please your eyes. But in the first bite it all went down the drain due to its displeasing and poorly prepared sauce. Far from a very good alfredo, it was not even upto its name. Chicken hardly felt smoked and overall seasoning was also poor. Quantity was good but the quality is a serious issue. Overall a big no as you can get better pastas nearby at many places without much damage to pocket. My Rating: 1. Food: 3/5 2. Service: 3.5/5 3. Value of Money: 3/5 neverknowsbest.in
Rated It was the first time I ordered food from zomato and I also got a discount of Rs.200. Well coming to food, I ordered pink sauce pasta and parantha. I must say, quantity is the highlight of this place. The pasta was well enough for 2 people and it did taste good as well. The parantha's are around 50-60rs so we ordered around 4-5 different parantha's thinking it would be low on quantity, but dont go on the rates....One parantha is enough to kill your hunger. I really liked the Parantha's. Go for onion and aloo parantha. Now I am a regular at this place. I often keep on ordering from Moods.
Rated Ordered the food from here. Initially I was disappointed due to late delivery of food, but it could be attributed to 14th of Feb. The food was worth the wait though. We tried triple shezwan rice , shezwan fingers and musroom corn cheese sandwich ;).. It was all good :) I hope they improve upon the delivery system though.
Rated Loved the food, cheesy nachos and sizzlers were so good in taste and looking very tempting. Not so good ambience and service was very slow but was worth waiting just for the taste of food they served us. They can improve much in neatness, service and staff and improve the standard of the restaurant a bit.
Rated I was craving for a white sauce pasta and I ordered from Moods hoping it would be good as I did not have any other option. But I must say, it was beyond my expectations and I did not regret even for a bit. Even when it was delivered it was warm. It was delicious and I enjoyed every bite of it.
Rated A small little joint for buddies ... with free wifi and chilled A/C ..... wholesome quantity worth the penny.... bubble gum mocktail was good..the sweet and sour was on similar line....awesome quantity of sizzlers though i found it veryyy oily and they could have added bit more veggies... panner was soft and succulent.... cheese on nachos was a bit curdy sort of... can improve in it further.... Overall a cool place for teenagers strolling around for value for money...long hours to spend with free wifi !!
Rated Absolutely THE place to be in. The menu is a full on array of almost everything that a tummy wants. Anything you order, turns out to be more than great in both quantity and quality. The parathas are a delight and the hakka noodles is simply sumptuous. The prices won't pinch your pocket!
Rated mOOds!!! A good place for hangout with friends! Had been to Moods with my frndz 10 days back food was good especially paneer chilly was dam amazing we njoyed a lot It just beside R-city mall Gathkopar West!!
Rated I got some foods home delivered from this restaurant. Ever since, I have fallen in love with their menu. They have something different to offer as compared to the other restaurants in Mumbai - mushroom Pav Bhaji. Do try it out. I am sure you will fall in love with them too. I loved their spring rolls too. Recently, I personally decided to visit their restaurant since it is quite close to my house. Initially, I found it difficult to find this place and since I have heard so much about it, I decided to call up an address directory to find out where this place is located. After walking a long distance, I found this wonderful joint. It really made my New Year's day special. I loved every minute of the time I spent at Moods. I decided to order the dry fruit sundae and since this is the first time I am hearing of vegetarian Stromboli, I decided to go in for it too. I waited at the restaurant for a while for the food to arrive but every minute of the wait was worth it since I have never had a meal as good as this before. The vegetarian Stromboli tasted a bit like pizza. Only, they are really small but the cheese in the pieces refuses to let go easily. You would have to cut the cheese using a fork or a knife. I simply loved taking it with the tomato sauce they provided. I loved chewing on the cheese that melted in my mouth. The vegetables and the bits of paneer were a delight to chew on. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone.
Rated The restaurant is located near R city mall on LBS road. This a small place but with good management and ambience. You will many images and posters on the wall that will surely make you laugh. You can read all the messages on the wall while your food is getting ready. Food quality is very good, all they need to improve is the service. All the smoothies, milkshakes and juices are good and be there on monday's as you can get the offer of buy one get one free.
Rated Good association with swiggy, ordered a large chicken wok The wok was made perfectly according to the way I wanted Perfect delivery within time with no hassles
Rated got there brochure along with my news paper was thinking from quite along to give it a try finally placed my order down on weekends tag delivery was smooth the guy who was taking ma order. was also quite nice was cmg up with sme good suggestion... loved the way the guy was helping us delivery process was also quite nice also tag delivery took 30 to 35 mins which is quite nice on weekends overall a good experience work this way !!!! see u again soon will be trying other things soon ..... dont know how people have been so harsh with there ratings ...
Rated was just passing through, outlet just caught my eyes. the food is awesome, the siracha chilly panner is just mouth watering n the staff is very warm n courteous,tge service is quick really awesome...................
Rated This place is fantastic I just loved the ambiance, the food menu... All good stuff ! The staff is prompt, the food service is quick and the best part...Is the taste ! loved their make your own concept it's really amazing I made my own with flat noodles wheat, paneer, with burnt garlic sauce guys trust me it's yum.. best part is this place do not add MSG! Overall, good place to have a good time with great food will sure visit again ...
Rated I ordered today with one of my colleague..we order schezwan noodles n spring rolls.. The quantity was excellent we shared the food with other colleague Taste wise Both the items where amazing.. I would also like to thank Tejas who took our order and had patience with us Cz we where calling him to ask where is our food in every 15mins as we where v hungry 😜
Rated This was my first experience with wok this way. Ordered the green curry which comes with rice. It was pretty tasty. Delivery was done within half an hour. The quantity was good enough for two people. The place is complete value for money @225 for a meal for two!
Rated Wok this way is not expensive keeping in mind the quality and quantity they provide. It is a small place with seating arrangements for around say 10 people. Mostly people do take aways I guess..We made an takeway order of Triple schezuan , It was the most fantastic triple schezuan I have had in a long time. Kudos to the chef. Thoroughly enjoyed my meal. A nice experience
Rated Horrible food ! Our past experience with the other Moti Mahals in Mumbai have been good but i dont think this one is even distantly related. We had orderd chicken kali mrch and malai kofta and both had the same gravy! The naans was more like a stretch band and the oily hariyali kababs , less said the better. Dont even think about ordering from here.
Rated Another home delivery outlet in Chandivali area. It looked promising initially, but I was let down by the restaurant food. Though the staff was polite and cordial when taking order and providing suggestions. Apparently the non-veg food was liked but I personally did not like my vegetarian fare. Food ordered: Paneer Makhni MMD special - which was very sour. Not sure if it was one of those bad days but not going to try it. Daal Makhni MMD special - Good. Gosht Motimahal Biryani - Good as per my roomie. Butter chicken boneless - good. Gulab Jamun - Always good. I am kind of disappointed by the restaurant because in this area there are other restaurants which are providing both quality and quantity for challenging price.
Rated Food is ok. Excellent shahi paneer. I did not like the biryani though. The place is bit pricy compared to other similar take aways in the region.
Rated Simply love the food. Feel free to order from moti mahal be it north Indian, mughlai anything... I have had take outs and home delivery ranging from paneer tikka & naans to biryanis. Both veg & nonveg tastes delicious. Any night when you don't feel like cooking, moti mahal is a rescue.
Rated This outlet is only for take away and provide home delivery. Very average quality food is served. I am saying this because i have eaten better quality food in other moti mahal outlets in mumbai. Quantity is good no doubt. Things to order are : Veg : Dal makhani (of course),kadhai paneer Non veg as per my friends' view : butter chicken.
Rated Bit on costlier side than other take-aways in chandivali . But they justify their cost in the quality of the food provided and they delivery time . Ordered mutton sheik kebab: Well cooked and had masala evenly spread Chicken tikka masala: Was very neatly cooked and quantity was sufficient for two people Gulab Jamun: This is the best , 40Rs for two pieces ,this completely stands out and was amazing . Buy once for sure and check it .
Rated Food tastes good but is quite heavy...looks like everything is prepared in a heavy cooking medium... Can try for a change and see if it suits you Delivery time -4/5 Taste -4/5
Rated Superb food ..Superb delivery time. Overall good place. taste and service was very good.I would recommend to visit once.Nice place . I would give 3 for food 4 for service out of 5
Rated Ordered in twice from this place. Excellent stuff.. Incredibly quick delivery time. It was delivered in 12 minutes. 1-2 minutes after we received the confirmation from Foodpanda. Keeping that aside. Food is quite good. Butter Chicken ... The way it is supposed to taste and look (not orange) Dal of some kind ....was thick and delicious....the way it is supposed to be (not watery) Dal Makhni ....a little off the paved path but still tasted pretty good... CTM ... Typical CTM and Moti Mahal delivered on flavour and texture Overall they have nailed 2 strikes in 2. Another such experience and I'll surely come back here and push this up a notch
Rated Ordered Chinese last night. it was pathetic!! The chicken was not soft and it was heavily coated with cornflour! not even properly cooked. never again !!!
Rated Its a delivery place. Good for a quick fix to hunger but nothing special. Their manchurian fried rice is fine. The delivery guy was once rude. But that could have been the zomato delivery person (don't remember if this was a direct order or through zomato). Food quantity is really good though
Rated we ordered twise form here and i had a good experince... the quality and quantiy was good.. we enjoyed food... Chicken crispy - 4/5 Chinese combo - 4.5/5
Rated Great place to order from good taste ... I regularly order from here.. consistent taste, quality and quantity.... delivers on tym...for people staying near by, good place to have food.
Rated I won't recommend other dishes but CHICKEN CRIPSEY IS THE BESTTTTTT
Rated i am not impressed. I know this restaurant for the last 4 years & food quality has deteriorated over time. There is nothing special about taste. Opt for home delivery if you want to try some Chinese delicacies or plain vanilla combo/mini meal which are still good . Caution: Dining at the restaurant will be a horrible idea.
Rated Try their crispy chicken.. It is so yummy!! I just love it ???? Cant spend a week without having it.
Rated For home delivery -- It is the most dependable restaurant that I found in Chandivali, Nahar Amrit Shakti area. Food quality is good (8 out of 10). Whenever I am late, I order from this restaurant and the tasty food helps me to sleep well at night. The favorite dish for my hungry stomach , stressed mind & lazy body is --- " Mini Meal-Indian-Veg " . Price-140.
Rated Well. I remember this place since for about 1 year I was working in a nearby place and often frequented this restaurant. Not out of choice but out of compulsion. This is because I visited it during lunch break. There are not many restaurants around and the ones which are are too crowded during the lunch break of nearby corporates. Hence I went to this one as it did not have many visitors. There used to be a lot of parcel orders though. Now coming to the actual review, well, it does not have great ambience. Nothing spectacular. But the dum aloo punjabi which I often used to order here was wonderful. Even the rotis were good. Never visited since I changed my job. Not a place you would want to visit at first site. But for the dum aloo punjabi please do visit. You will not regret your decision. Visit in the afternoon for lunch post 12.30 as I cannot comment on the atmosphere during any other part of the day.
Rated While judging a joint we should be careful as to which genre it belongs to.Sai sagar is not fine dining ,its a simple budget comfort food place and having eaten there more than thrice i can say i was pretty happy with it.The simple litmus for such joints is how your tummy reacts the morning after and i have had no digestive issues. rather this place serves the best rotis i have eaten . Whole wheat and really yum. I would not reccomend the paneer dishes or rather all dishes which have masala written as i dont like that gravy.I would really reccomend the dal esp the plain dal which is very very simple and is very much like home dal and exceptionally tasty. I also like the mushroom mutter which does not get molested by the strong gravy and you can taste the peas and mushroom in all their glory. One more thing about this place is that it stays open till very very late. I have eaten here at almost midnight and served fresh hot food. For a quick meal alone or comfort food i really like this place.
Rated A reasonably priced food..good for home delivery. The service is pretty fast and there is noting like min bill I guess. The dishes taste like home made food atleast for me.
Rated i am a regular at this place. Good value for money veg food. Great delivery.
Rated Best soft fresh pizza i ever had ... this place is small with 2 indoor seatings and 2 outdoor seatings ... service is bit slow as they mostly deliver nearby area. Overall experience was good ...
Rated New pizza joint on the block!!Eagle boys reminds me of dominos but its better than that.I love with their cheese scrolls!! The BBq chicken pizza was ok.The prices here on the higher side but yea the taste and freshness of the food makes up for it.the only thing going against this place is their sitting space which very very small!
Rated I'm not sure why some of the users have mentioned it as "just another pizza place". I actually really enjoyed their pizzas. I have ordered Veg Mexicana and Margherita pizzas. They were really good. Much better than the other pizza places around powai including Dominos and PizzaHut. I ordered the deep dish so the crust was extremely soft and the quality of cheese was really nice. Many pizza outlets ruin a simple pizza like the Margherita, but I feel these guys have got it spot on. And, the fact they deliver upto 1am, with no compromise on quality, was quite amazing. It's a definately a place to try and keep trying if you love pizzas. Btw, this is for the management, I really love the design of your pizza box. Great color combinations.
Rated This is just another pizza outlet where you might want to order from. There is no innovation in the menu whatsoever. The pizza are not exceptionally tasty either. The oregano that they send in is authentic though. So yeah, go to go with that. The service is just fine and so is the pricing. This place will certainly not be my first choice when ordering pizzas.
Rated Yum pizza after a long long time... I write this after the 1 bite itself ! Hard working staff.. Along with well maintained place at the prime location. Pizza for me at its best ! All the best eagle boys.. Fill more hungry stomachs everyday !!!!! Cheers !
Rated I ordered pizzas twice from here.. The flavours that they offer are diverse and so I was tempted to try. The service is fast but the pizzas are tasteless I should say. The normal cheese pizza is still okay-ish but if u have a house party or guests over, please think twice!
Rated A very nice place for a good meal in a good ambience. The food quality is also good but definitely could be better. The ambience is good and bombil fry of the place is famous, although it is not that great. The chicken dishes are yummy. Quantity wise it can easily fill 2 stomachs. Bar available and good cocktails as well.
Rated Wanted to visit this place since a long time & finally I got a chance today The place is nicely designed Lights are dim & the whole interior is a bit dark Good thing for groups but not for family Music should've been there which isn't & so is a negative point Taste of food is really very good Chinese & Indian starters were very well made & tasted good enough for me to come back again Quantity - Not too much but not too less either In short perfect Conclusion - Worth the money!
Rated A watering hole with good food - that is the best way to describe Central NX. Their Gassi, Sukka and Bangda Fry are good, but recently their Tandoori items have proven to be great. Pocket friendly and well done-up, Central is the office goers refuge after tiring days. Good place.
Rated Went there for lunch from office as thambi was super filled. From the outside it looks like shady bar but as soon as you enter the first floor its becomes a sophisticated uptown restaurant with modern art painting on the wall. We had murg mussallam which was good, the spicy paneer dish (name totally forgotten) was average. The dal tadka was really good. The masala papad even was nicely made with apt amount of chaat masala to add flavour to it. In Indian breads we had laccha paratha which again was good and naan which was a let down. The naan was undercooked and very thick which made it difficult to eat. The service is average (not on the faster side), they have a TV on which they play music channels which was pretty lame. They should get a proper music system if they really want their customers to enjoy music or else don't play anything. The ac section was almost empty ,this might be because of the marginally higher rates aa per the locality. Overall a good experience would want to try more dishes before I can make a strong comment about the place.
Rated If you're craving for sumptuous substitute for home cooked food during lunch break at work, don't think twice and drop by at Central. Their veg thali is modestly priced at 70bucks but its packs a wholesome punch with chapati, rice, dal, two veggie dishes, papad, chaash. It's easy on the tummy and very, very filling. The dal khichdi is a safe bet too. It's served piping hot and its my favourite work-day comfort food. The chicken tikka biriyani is decent. The portion is good. And it is served with a yummy raita side. The surmai fry is every fish lover's delight. And the neer dosas go wonderfully well with spicy chicken/mutton sides. The waiters are fantastic and ever smiling. Also, if you show your office id, you can avail of a 10% discount if the bill value is above 300. And Central is really kick-ass in other ways too. They allow outside food in the restaurant. So if your friend has got tiffin, but you want food from central, worry not. They acknowledge the value of company and conversation. ps- you'd find rockstar uncles enjoying their afternoon drinks, and you'd actually be jealous of them.
Rated This was the first bar me and my friends tried in Powai. It is a special thing finding your regular watering hole in a new city. Lots of trial and errors are needed. But when we first went to this place, we were sure this was the place. Few things factored in like the location ( very close to raheja and powai vihar where most of our friends are), the reasonable pricing, the good nice and slick interiors and most important the great service. One thing i always like about this place is the staff who are always on their toes willing to give you the best experience. I never had to see the menu as the waiters are always happy to serve one thing or the other and I have never been disappointed. Not elaborating on the food much as it is a bar but having said that most of their chicken starters are great. We tried fish once as well and was fully satisfied. If you want something that is not in the menu as well, they are always happy to make it if they can. Cost of drinks is reasonable as per my expectation. Serving is great. Small things like serving it chilled, the glasses, the AC (though a tad cold) sets it apart for me. BP60 comes for 160 bucks to give an idea of expenses. The owner owner/manager is a nice gentleman , who on one occasion ran up and down to find us the best seating. The place though may look small on the outside has 2 rooms on each floor. One for people who smoke and one for who don't. One room on the ground floor is non-ac as well. All said, this is no pub or club but a place where nice people (mostly IT if you ask me) from all over Hiranandani come for their drinks. The crowd is really good. Very safe for our friends of the fairer skin. It has all the makings of your regular place. Nice job guys.. See you next weekend. Cheers.
Rated Nice and quick lunch, typical mangalorean taste and well done on prawns gassi and neer dosas, simply awesome and authentic. A must return place for me.
Rated The moment you walk intothis place,u ll find it nice. The ambience is nice. But the moment the plates arrived,I was disgusted. The waiter had to search for around 10mins to find a clean spoon. The food was just about average and unnecessarily highly priced. Wud nvr lyk to visit again.
Rated Though a place for drinks, but food quality is really good. Try veg or non veg and you will be satisfied. I visit often as it is in front if my office.
Rated This Subway is very convenient to pick up a quick snack. The guy serving was polite and the Sub I ordered was fresh as expected from a brand like Subway. There is no other decent place around and this Subway outlet always comes to my rescue. Thanks Guys for a good lunch...
Rated Ordered a chicken ham from this outlet! The bread had fungus on it! Is this third definition of eat fresh!?? Called the branch and told them that! They say that the bread was made today morning only how do we know why there is fungus!!😂
Rated This outlet is one of the few reasons why I'd never take subway seriously! For some reason, they believe that since this is an express outlet, they can basically do away with basics like: decent service, well stocked kitchen. The service is not that great either. Also, I am not sure why it is challenging to give bills for payments. You ALWAYS have to ASK for one!!!
Rated Great Paneer roles... Potato cheese rolls are great taste Try roti rolls for all non-oily roll fans... Good option for quick home delivery in Chandivali.
Rated Happened to come across this place due to the #QuikWallet mobile payment app. It looks pretty shabby, behind a vada/bhajji pav stall. Has seating for about 7-10 people. For a place as small as this, i was pleasantly surprised to see they had a wash basin! They specialise in Kathi rolls, with the option of Paratha or Roomali. Both available in Whole Wheat or Flour. I tried the Chicken Rudi. It was a yellow coloured masala kebab tikka roll. The chicken was cooked perfectly, no chewiness and nice and moist. I felt it lacked a bit flavour though. The kebabs are put into the paratha, garnished with Green Chutney, Imli Chutney and a generous helping of onions and rolled up. I really like the rolls. For Rs100 for a roll and soft drink, it makes a good value proposition. Besides this, they also serve kebabs and biryani. Haven't tried them yet but will soon. Yes, id definitely go again.
Rated The biryani from Rolls and co. is superb...authentic Kolkata style chicken/mutton biryani. A must have for die-hard Kolkata biryani lovers. Their chicken chaap and rolls are quite nice as well.
Rated In quick 30 minutes, you can get kolkata style biryani, which is very different from what is available in Mumbai. Chicken & Mutton rezala is very good. with rumali roti. The price reasonable. Home delivery is good service.
Rated Very different than other rolls joint, authentic Bengal cuisine. Have tried double egg and chicken rolls either rumali roti or roti. Choice is with maida or whole wheat. Also tried authentic Bengali chicken biryani which is without spices,not everyone will like.
Rated Go for Nizam rolls. Personally tried Lola seekh rolls and paneer chatpata. Both good for those looking for highly spiced recipes. Decent service experienced so far. Considering the below reviews, i will be keeping a close tab on the quality of food & service.
Rated Monginis what can u say medicore pastieries decent puffs and rolls im suprised that they still surviving in today market with their age old food making techniques and zero creativity...!!!!
Rated Fully agree with Asad Khan's review. I was trying to describe the cake I just ate and it actually was a bread covered with cream and stale fruits on top of it. Congratulations Monginis you have achieved the highest expertise in baking lowest quality cakes.
Rated The taste and quality of monginis has gone down to a great extent. I used to prefer this place for cakes everytime there was an occasion. I don't even feel like having a pastry from here now. I prefer cakes from Ribbons and balloons. Other snacks like puffs, pizzas, etc. have been consistent in taste though.
Rated Monginis's quality & taste has fallen from great heights. It used to be everyone's favourite until it decided to sell creamy breads in the name of cakes. The cakes & pastries are full of bread painted with beautiful cream to fool you. But, other then cakes they also sell snacks like samosas, pan pizza, rolls, etc. which is satisfactory.
Rated Monginis is our 'emergency' snacks shop! Unannounced guests, my daughter's sudden Black-Forest cravings are mitigated here. Go any time of the day, Monginis has a good stock of pastries and cakes and patties/burgers. And so what Theobroma and other high-end pastry shops have opened in Powai? Monginis is still for the saviour when it comes to bulk order. Their pastries are reasonably priced – amazed that most are still under INR 50! Very affordable. And the taste isn’t bad either. Best part is, they have a flower shop right outside. So, in case of emergency celebration situations, you’ve got the cake guy and the flower guy sitting together!!! :-D wheelsonourfeet.com
Rated Love the smoked chicken roll...but they always run out if em ....
Rated It is a good place to hang out with friends. We usually would hang out after office hours for some good time with colleagues. Food is ok and nothing special about it. We generally went here because its easy on the pocket and still enjoy the company of friends.
Rated Good food, the alcohol is cheap compared to other restaurant specially to the old monk loyalists like me, different ac section for smokers and alcohol. Not a good place to go with your girlfriend or family. Mostly there are people drinking there or call centre guys coming in from Boomerang. Food is priced on a lighter side. Good to go with your friends if you want to drink and eat and still go home with money left in your pocket.
Rated Short on money and feeling that urge !? head to this placeof u stay at chandivali or nearby areas..reasonably priced drinks (max 2X of mrp including taxes) and decent tasting/portions of food..wat more do u want from a bar aani restaurant !..hara bhara kebab, chkn afgani biryani & platters real bang for the buck!!
Rated This is a bar. A cheap affordable bar where you go to drink and not much else. Incredibly spacious (almost like a hobbit hole with how it suddenly opens up after the third door) . The food is actually pretty good for the price and also considering its primarily a cheap bar. They also deliver stuff home till midnight which takes them up to 4 in my book. I got the exact experience I was expecting from this place. If I were to go on a date or dine out with my family I wouldn't bring them here because that would be stupid plan to begin with and should not be considered while rating a restaurant.
Rated A small bar in chandivali with dead cheap liquor and environment not at all good to visit with family. The place is not well ventilated and as there is no AC it may get a little uneasy. The good thing about this place is its food which according to me is one of the best among bars of this scale. Biryani is amazing and so are starters. And waiters will serve everythinh with a smile. The quality you get in such a place really surprises anyone visiting for first time. So it is a basic neighborhood bar serving good food. The ambiance here may not suit you but you can order from here or have a pickup. neverknowsbest.in
Rated Quick delivery. The Afgani chicken biryani was perfect. Not too spicy, not too bland. The quantity is also good. The chicken biryani was not upto the mark. A bit spicy. Overall, the next time I'm in a mood for a biryani, Kinara it is.
Rated I have never visited the place, i prefer to have a home deliver n am a sea food fan, The crab Masala south indian is n surmai tawa fry..is awesome... as well cheap???? Most of the hotel doesn't do the tava fry they just deep fry n then tava fry for look sakes. as others said, I'll try chicken afgani biryani... Thank you. @ kinara- keep it up, Taste is very important than ambiance.
Rated I've visited this place numerous time but never got a chance to post a review But, today is the day! Cafe Coffee Day or as it's popularly known as CCD has a really good menu Coffee is really good - Hot or cold Thumbs up for both Other beverages are excellent too They've a variety of things to eat too like sandwiches, cake, cupcakes, pastries, etc. etc. I've tried most of the things & they all are pretty good especially, hot chocolate brownie Only problem with the place is that sometimes most of the things aren't available And the most things include all the things you would want to order so that's pretty upsetting
Rated In our secluded little complex, with only 7 other shops, bravely stands this one outlet of a chain of CCDs which are otherwise visible on every other nukkad. Anyway, it is certainly a welcome relief for our society, which for some reason houses beauty salons that are 3/7th of all its commercial establishments. I guess people here are really ugly and need regular treatments (me included?). CCD's offerings are reasonably priced, and probably half of the now trendy Starbucks. You'll never find more than 3-4 people occupying the 9 tables with comfortable chairs in here, which makes it a nice quiet place to go read or write. Ensure you've got change on you though when you go here, coz that's usually a problem. I'm giving this 5 in the hope that they never close down, like the other big retail outlets that were driven away due to poor demand.
Rated It's walking distance from my place but I don't recall going here more than twice. It's a good place for business meeting or one on one meetings. Menu is fine but availability is always a question.
Rated Slow service but Food quality and Staff friendliness covers up for the speed of service... Great place for outing with friends... Texed mex cheese... And Iced Eskimo...
Rated This one is small and quite compared to the others. Service is slow like at all the CCD's. The network service availability is quite low here. The service staff are nice and friendly. Since their combo's it's become better. Sandwiches aren't bad. 'Devil's Own' will always be a favorite.
Rated Love this particular CCD. Had gone there for a meeting with a client (hence, no pic -- meeting protocol), and found it quiet. Not crowded at all. It is the perfect place for a meeting. The other tables, too, were occupied by people on business. The staff were polite and helpful. There are quite a few tables -- i had thought it was a small joint. Negative – Network connectivity is poor here. Hence, taking calls are difficult. So too is connecting with your dongle. Noetheless, I recommend the place for a serious business conversations. wheelsonourfeet.com
Rated Half Tandoori Chicken: As the looks of it shows, looked weird, not at all all great pieces. Too much colour. No fun. . Dal Khichdi: This was for the veggies, who wanted to have this. I did not try. AS per them, it was average. . Garlic Butter Naan and Chapathi were fine. Though there were mixed reviews about this place, I thought of trying and having my own experience. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't. No regrets in trying. THe Chicken was a big bummer. Not again. ... Read full post on acemat.blogspot.com
Rated Tandoori chicken is the real deal!! Vidith really knows how to keep the tandoori chicken on point. The juiciness of your chicken is retained parallely with the jugalbandi of burnt epiderma ( just drooled on the phone). The butter chicken over here is another bammer. That not so sweet and not so spicy sauce of the dish makes me go bananas. Sometimes some bone pieces comes by mistakenly but ignorance is bliss. Delivery within 40 mins Very reasonably priced. Great option for home delivery
Rated Been ordering from here for over a decade. Used to be super affordable, and tasty food. Of late his prices have gone up, but quality has gone down. Also service which used to be quick, has become not so dependable.
Rated Review No: 132 I apologize for not sharing feedback for Vidith earlier. (To be honest, I never thought it would feature on Zomato :) ) Anyways, being right on the sweet spot on the road opposite to Oberoi Gardens and the new Kanakia Boomerang, Vidith's main clientele are you know you. Hence we've always preferred calling in food from Vidith's in the evening. The food is affordable and the taste above average. Mind you that inspite of the business he is obtaining, he's always made it a point to be courteous on the phone...that's what we have observed in our multiple interaction. One of the few good places in the Chandivali stretch which offer decent food at a decent price. Food: 3/5 Price: 3/5 Service: 3.5/5 Ambience: 2.5/5 ***************** Overall: 3/5
Rated Had ordered chicken biryani for lunch. The delivery was quick and the biryani was passable. The chicken was nicely cooked. Will try some other dish next time.
Rated Nice taste good quantity and price in range. Better option for non vegetarian near chandivali. But very slow service. I m preferr to this place for on the spot planning.
Rated Bought the gulab jamun and ras malai recently. The sweets were ok, but not highly recommended. The milk taste can be differentiated in the ras malai. Gulab jamun was not soft as expected.
Rated You can get better samosa and kachori in other nearby sweet shops. This one is overpriced. Kala jamun - good Gulab jamun - good Paani puri - Though the puris are nice and big yet Overpriced.
Rated Taste: 3.5/5 | Quantity: 4/5 | Hygiene: 4.5/5 I go here atleast once a week to have chaat. The thing I like most is the hygiene- being a small, open place you really can see how the chaat is being prepared. (I do love chaat, but hygiene really is of the utmost importance) Service is good, with the guys being very polite, and yes- they will customize the level of spice (as much as is possible without affecting the taste). The puri used for pani puri, and papdi for dahi is nice, and crisp without being too oily, or worse- soft and squishy. I would say- go here to satisfy your regular chaat craving, but not really extraordinary.
Rated I have been there 3-4 times for sweets and Chat mainly. I liked the Chole Tikki and Tokri Chat. Wish they could improve the tastes of raj Kachori and Pani Puri. Nearby Brijwasi provides better Paani Puri compared to Puranmal. but do try Kesar Ras malai.(again overpriced)
Rated Bakwaas not worth trying.. I was super excited to go and have some chat in the evening after long... Went to this place not many options and whatever I tried is not worth a mention - don't try...
Rated My 'go to' place when I wish to eat roadside food (well roadside food prepared in a restaurant kitchen!!). They have good chicken lollipops. They also come handy at times when we have parties at home. Good delivery staff.
Rated It quit nic n it is nearby my building . though the rates r cheaper compare to other taste r just k not awesome... It's v good for biryanis...
Rated Average food.. Though cheap rates makes up for it.. The sweet corn soup tastes nice. Otherwise all other items are just ok. Only reason to visit this place is because it's nearby our apartment..
Rated One of the great quality about this place apart from the food is its service. I was like went around daily for couple of months but then couldn't got much chance to visit.But still i do utilize its home delivery service. Food is good.And daal makhni is kind of awesom.
Rated I used to go here many times, Non-veg & veg are nice option here.. specially their dal tadka and rice. You can try their Tandoori better than other restaurant in chandivali. They kept very reasonable price also. I prefer it but sometime we unsatisfied also while we ate checken biryani. i think the main cook was not there so some untrained cooked prepared.. overall its good , Very reasonable price.....
Rated Most used to order takeaways from this place. But, lately the place has undergone a change of ambience Quality of food has improved a lot . Order Daal tadka - tastes good, also Aloo Banarasi. Try Chicken Biriyani , the taste is superb. Mutton items may not be apt for taste. A remarkable change recently from earlier standards.
Rated A no nonsense food joint that serves pretty decent fare of North Indian and Chinese. Ideal place for lunch if your workplace happens to be nearby or you if you reside close by. Food is pretty good, with sizeable potions. I have been a fan of their Mixed Fried Rice which has been my lunch numerous times. The schezuan rice is also another worthwhile item to try. Home/Office delivery is what I opt for most times and it has been good over the past few months.
Rated Awesome starters at your doorstep right from manchurian to veg 65 and paneer tikka. This helped us kick off some weekend night celebration and I felt extremely happy with the choice of our hosts. The order was delivered in record time and helped everyone get into weekend mode. The price was very decent and well deserved - the dishes were not excessive oily something I liked the best and found the food pleasing for eyes and other senses :) hubpages.com
Rated Typical home delivery restaurant. Quality wise very good as compared to other expensve restaurants in the vicinity. After sifting through the take away menus of all the restaurants in Chandivali area, the budget and food quality always made me order from Banjara. Since I have been ordering mostly the home deliveries will restrict my review mostly to vegetarian dishes which can be tried. 1. Sarso da saag and makke di roti - Just two rotis. Slightly costly. But saag is too good. Recommended. 2. Paneer Lahori, Paneer Lahsuni - Good. 3. Paneer Lajawab - Recommended. Delivery is quick.
Rated Usually bustling with office goers because it is located in the hullabaloo of the chandivali offices. The food, ambiance and service is nothing to write home about. It's just about decent. The biriyani is okay. I liked their 'yummy rice' better. I thought their sea food soup was quite tasty, but overpriced. Service is tardy. And you have to wait aeons for the food to arrive, and its definitely not worth the wait. Both in terms of taste and portions.
Rated Ok food. Mainly for home delivery if you don't feel like going out and eat. One of many small restaurants in chandivali area... Delivery is quick.
Rated Same as half dozen of other restaurants in chandivali. Nothing great . Sincere request please do not order American chopsey or Singaporean noodles here . Both were equally bad .
Rated Excellent delivery service! Amazing sizzled chilli chicken! I miss Banjara since I left Mumbai :( Also the fried rice and chicken rara are nice....
Rated You find this place crowded on weekdays because of nearby office locations. Hence, consider the waiting time for delivery as well dining there. Must Try- Veg\ Non-Veg Clear Soups. Veg ball in Garlic Sauce Diwani Subji, Tawa Jhinga. Lovely food . Service can be improved. Delivery at home should be improved as even distance of 500m may be time taking. Good food.
Rated My day doesn't end without having food from here. Its a nice place and food is also good. But yeah..its a bit small place and a little slow service.. But overall food is good.
Rated This place is nothing less than a lifesaver for me. i have survived months on their paneer tikka masala, chappati, dal khichdi and veg biryani. delivery wont disappoint you. they are often handy with change if you ask them to bring it beforehand. the food is yummy and i have ordered even as late as 10 pm and gotten service. Thank you Banjara!
Rated Its a good budget place for Chinese cuisine. Better place for takeaways. Delivery is good and usually on time. Its worth the money you have put.
Rated Another home delivery restaurant catering to chinese fast food on budget. The owner was always polite over the phone. Ready to deliver even at 11.45 pm may be because i was residing just in the building in opposite lane. For food we always ordered typical chinese fare: Veg Schezwan Rice - Good but can be oily at times. Quantity good for one person if only single dish was ordered. Mushroom Fried Rice - I loved this one. But at time stale mushrooms ruined the dish. So inconsistent, but you can ask upfront before ordering this dish. Chicken Schezwan Rice, Chicken Manchurian Rice - My roomie liked it for the price and quantity. Overall good home delivery option if craving for budget indo chinese fare.
Rated You all really need to improve your Paneer Tikka. It tastes like a plain piece of paneer. Its not really Rs. 150. It really does need some improvements.
Rated Awesome food which doesn't make a big hole on your pocket . Quick delivery and has a variety of dishes . The person at counter is very friendly . Price 4/5 Delivery 4/5 Taste 3/5
Rated I have been its customer since past two years and I would say that the food is awesome. The service might not be that great but the prices beats that. So to summarize 1. Good taste 2. Very affordable 3. Bad service
Rated Low on cash? craving indian chinese? This place is your best bet. I ordered a fried rice and manchurian. Both were satisfactory. Imagine you are one step higher than eating roadside chinese.
Rated Lot of varying reviews here....mine is quite positive. I have been having dinner for over a year from this place. I dont experiment and order wat i m sure is made fresh and good. The price is decent. Worth a try....gobi manchurian dry and schexwan noodles are worth trying :)
Rated I'm sorry to say. Really bad experience. You guys only make like 10 dishes, should be able to get it right. Plus took over an hour to deliver. Good luck
Rated It's a nice place to enjoy and eat!! I would definitively visit the place again with my friends. so that the love for food will never end here.....
Rated A nice place to give rest to your taste buds..loved the quality of the food as it was nicely and adequately cooked..if you are non-vegetarian, don't forget to take the chicken biriyani..most importantly, they maintain the cleanliness ..love to crawl to the place again
Rated Great great great place to serve your taste buds. Liked the comfort the cosiness. The service is also very good. Liked the biryanis a lot. Worth a try.
Rated The best thing about this place is you will get great snacks like dum Biryani, Kathi rolls at very affordable prices. Delicious kababs are also the speciality of this place. I would definitely recommend this place. Go check it guys...
Rated Simply amazing! Delicious biriyani and that too at an affordable price. Its really hard to find such a place in mumbai. Had a great time with my friends at Eato's.
Rated I visited this place for a quick snack..... And was very much satisfied with the rolls.... I loved them and would highly recommend it For all foodies out there
Rated This place has crazy awesome menu..for the food,one simple word : Delectable..just pick anything from the menu and b delighted..I realy enjoyed my meal.. Must visiting place.. Go there and have yummy food :)
Rated Being located right opposite my office made this a frequently visited lunch joint for me. I used to be a regular in the Thambbi in Matunga where my college was, and as this branch doesn't do justice to the name as much as that did. One time the uttappa that I ordered was so thick, I could barely swallow it without sips of water. Their sambhar was watery too one time. Even though it's a huge area that seats atleast 10-12 tables to say the least, they're more than eager to send you off even before you're done with your meal. When they sense that you're done ordering, they'll slam the bill on your table irrespective of whether or not you're still eating
Rated Nice place to have a regular lunch or dinner. Conveniently located in Chandivali where restaurants are very less and thus Thambbi is a good option to eat. Start off with spring rolls...these are served with really spicy schezwan sauce. I tried bhuna masala kofta along with paneer tikka masala and both were tasty and perfectly spicy. They serve large variety of South Indian and Chinese food too. Service is quick and rates are generous. So you can try this place if you ever happen to visit Chandivali.
Rated good place to have south indian food.. the service is quick and the waiters are cordial. ordered neer dosa , rava dosa and paper dosa everything was amazing and had a good time here.
Rated I assumed this place to be somewhat like Madras Cafe, however, it's more like a simple Udipi restaurant. They provide good range of South Indian, North Indian and Chinese dishes. I tried their Malgapudi Dosa: Gun Powdered Dosa, this one was dry due to absence of butter/ghee. Didn't work great for me. Idli and Medu wada: Average! The chatni was quite good and sambhar was just okay. Also, tried Rasam, it was good. Gunpowder Idli: Good. You can tryout this place but don't expect it to be some other level. But one time visit should be doable fooodgalli.wordpress.com
Rated Love their food. We're big on South Indian breakfasts and Thambbi is a great choice BUT I really do wish they would work on a better sambar. It's always so watered down and tastes horrible.
Rated Deluxe Thali. Period.Stick with simple choices of dosa and do try Idli Wada Rasam. I personally love it more than the combo with sambhar. This place is very affordable and it is like your everyday lunch place.
Rated Tiny place for the vegetarian breakfast and other south Indian food. We like the tea and the coffee from them. But one thing I don't like their sambar,which doesn't taste good
Rated A Sunday morning found us hungry and without the desire or the energy to cook and since we live close to this place and have driven past it plenty of times promising ourselves that we will try it soon, we finally decided to bite the bullet and order in from here. We asked for two portions of idly butter podi and 2 plain dosas. They took their time to deliver - about 45 minutes even though I live less than a 5 minute walk away and finally when it arrived, we tore through the packaging which is why you see no pictures as part of the review. The chutney was terrible - extremely watery and barely any flavor. The dosas were really oily and rather sticky but I am guessing that is a function of ordering it in rather than eating there. The idly butter podi were a revelation. Soft, coated in podi and soaked in butter, they were a delight and the rating on this review is purely for this dish. Sambar, like the chutney is a bit too watery for my liking. If you have the time and energy, drive a short distance to Sudarshan. Infinitely better but I don't think they have the idly butter podi!
Rated Went here for a quick bite. 1. Ambiance is ordinary with a typical middle-class restaurant setup. Not exactly cramped but not too roomy as well. 2. Average on cleanliness. Had to take measures to ensure water glass was clean and spoons were usable. 3. Staff is not the friendliest. Probably, not the most consumer-centric restaurant. However, the behavior in general is acceptable. 4. Food is good. We tried a few types of dosas, idli vada and dahi wada. Everything tasted good here. Advantage - Very affordable, good quality and fulfilling food for a quick bite.
Rated We always end up ordering cakes from this place for birthday celebrations and otherwise over the years and they have always been great. Their specially themed cakes too have been a favourite among kids. Chocolate cakes are yummy at a decent price. Value for money
Rated Taste the best at this shop. Mango cakes are so yummy and delicious. Chocolate mousse is also awesome. There's a chat corner outside which is also worth.
Rated Tasty cakes. Very soft and spongy..death by chocolate signature cake is d best I can say. All cakes are good but death by chocolate is d best.
Rated This is really a fantastic cake shop all kind of cakes are available here with mouth watering icing . I like very berry and hazelnut. The quality is really very good nd u all will be jubilant If u visit here.
Rated Lot of variety to choose from. Probably one of the best cakes ever had.. ordered a cake for a colleagues bday and ut turned out to be d best soft and tasty cakes ever had. I have been ordering here all the time coz this is the only good and d best cake shops who deliveres on time without any delivery charges. Live u death by chocolate. Keep up d good work
Rated Nice place...good quality cakes and other sweets We always take cake from here...they can add on to few more options and variety... They shroud add on to ice creams with more options
Rated It's a small shop located at the Chandivali Farm Rd market outside Raheja Vihar. I ordered a hazelnut chocolate cake for a friend's birthday. Initially I was skeptical if I should be buying from here but nonetheless decided to go ahead. However, it turned out to be one of the best cakes I've ever had. The cake was soft, spongy, fresh not too sweet and topped with amazing hazelnut choco cream. All in all a perfect cake. The cake got gobbled up before I could take pictures but will definitely post pictures whenever I get the next opportunity to buy a cake from this shop. Keep up the quality!
Rated Only word that describes them is awesome. If looking for a personalised touch in you orders that you place they are ur choice. I am in Pune but my order in Mumbai went straight through on time..Thanks a ton..
Rated Ordered a cake from here for my dads birthday and was surprised to c that they made it as per our specifications. Actually exceeded our expectations. They have a wide range of cake designs in their shops. Just book your cake the same day and u get it and normal cake just 1 hour prior u want and they give it..Amazing. Its a wonderful experience.
Rated Awesome place.. Lovely staff visited Many times...the pastries are the best,fresh, and the decorations on it is just mouth watering.. Order was delivered on time. Hope u guys maintain d service and quality always. Thanks Death By Chocolate..
Rated Ambience ..certainly good in this area...for couple of drinks; great place..coming to food.. Both the items we ordered were no close to what it ideally it should taste like...pad Thai noodles needs a special mention..I had the best and bests of this dish in the streets and best restaurants of Thailand...doesn't even taste 10% of how the original one tastes...it was more like a white sauce pasta !!! Even the fresh lime soda tasted much like water...worth avoiding completely... Only good thing to note is that the price in the menu is inclusive of all taxes and service charges...
Rated Finally I ate here! It's been on my list for awhile. It's a nice little joint with a pretty decent setting. The surmai tava fry was good but what really won my heart through my stomach was the chicken Kolhapuri with this soft butter naans. The only con is the air-conditioning on the mezzanine. You must check this place out if you are around.
Rated This is the place to go for a quick and reasonable meal - probably the only place in Chandivali Commercial Street where you can dine in - Rest are Only Take Away Places. Ts hey serve alcoholic beverages too, Good alternative to the crowded and overprices places in Powai. This one is reliable,hygienic and reasonable with quick delivery service. Try their Fried Rice and Fish in Black Bean Sauce. Or even the butter chicken and rice. Reshmi Kebab and Malai Kebab are worth a shot as well. Biryani is for their forte so avoid. If you are ok to compromise on the hygiene and delivery speed for better taste order from Koshos.
Rated Most restaurants at Chandivali just work on the delivery model and have a very little place for dine in. This place is among the few ones which have a decent enough place to sit. On the Mezzanine floor they have made a small lounge which can accommodate around 15. I have been here multiple times and have enjoyed my meal. Dal Tadka or fry is recommended but not the Dal Makhani as most places in Bombay don’t get it right. Paneer Lahori and Amritsari are brilliant. The portions served are good for 2-3 people. The real find of this place for me can be LASSI which is served in Glass bottles. It is thick and is as sweet as it should be. Heard the Non-Vegetarian food served here is good as well. The Kitchen can be seen through the glass and so you get an idea about the stuff getting made and how it is being made. Ambiance 3/5 Food 4/5 Service 3.5/5
Rated Ambience is ok.. But not a quiet and luxurious one. Food is tasty I can score 6/10. Service is good but not in a very professional way. Over all ok kind of restuarant
Rated Decent place to have a quiet dinner and disappear! Jokes apart..the food tastes good.. for starters we had some kebabs and a Chinese dry chicken preparation, both were well prepared.. for main course the portions are kind of small ...staff is courteous, lighting little too dim for my liking but seating pretty comfortable. Was a good experience, would not mind walking in again! All the best guys!
Rated Ordered food from this place for the 31st... The delivery time was acceptable, considering the new years rush! Coming to the food and VFM factor. The quantity of food is good, right up there with the other competing restaurants. The prices as well are in the sub 200 range for most of the dishes, which is now a usual price. The taste is average. I ordered Chinese as well as Indian, and the rice, noodles were alright but I have to point out that this place loses all its points in the gravy department. The Chinese gravy as well as the Indian gravy were below average. Don't get me wrong, they weren't horrible, but just not acceptable for the price. I would like to see improvements in this department, as the gravies tasted more like instant ready-made stuff than something a person would cook. I will surely order from this place again, but these improvements are needed according to me.
Rated Overall good experience with this one. I like it's location. It's not really a huge one but not stuffy too. It has upstair sitting which is quite cozy. Coming to our orders. We had to wait 25 mins which was tiring. We had a chicken crispy which was yum. Had sweet and spicy flavour. Followed with a butter chicken and 4 roti's. Butter was tasty as well, cooked with rich tomato gravy garnished with the lovely butter. Roti's were a little thick. But good. Overall a fair experience. I would recommend this.
Rated This place is at a walkable distance from my house. Its a small joint but the food is good. Even the delivery is very fast. Food (3.5/5): I have tried chinese and have loved it Service (3.5/5): Fast delivery so one doesn't have to always go to the outlet Value for Money (3.5/5): The portion size is good and food is not priced very high. Overall a good place to order food from!
Rated Went here once just to change the taste, till then it has become my one of the most oftenly visited restaurents . Ambience is good. Light music, candles on the table(sometimes they are not), water served with pudina contained bottles . Food quality and taste is awesome and that too at very reasonable price. Liquor is cheaper than other restaurents having similar standards. They have ground and first floor as the sitting area . I prefer sitting on the upper one . They are good with their service also . PS- There are no ATM's in the vicinity.
Rated A small little dingy place yet cosy and compact with a warm homely feeling ! You won't even notice this little place on the roadside , yet you will for sure acknowledge and appreciate the food for days. The food quantity and the quality is great to go and for sure is par with any 3 star restaurant. Just that you need to squeesh yourself for making a place to sit comfortably.
Rated It's near to where I stay. It's a good restaurant light on pocket, good food. But if you're ordering from home/office be ready to wait for a long time.
Rated Staying at service apartment thought of exploring new place near by for dinner. Landed up at Ginger, small place with 4-5 tables but food is good. Ordered Chicken Manchurian rice, small portion but filling for one person. Rating : Food : 3.5 Service : 4 Ambience : 3.5 Value for money : 3.5
Rated I have tried the home delivery service just about thrice where we had ordered Chinese and Tandoori items. No matter how near you stay they take 45 minutes to deliver. Chicken Chilly was not what it is supposed to be like. Chicken Tangdi Kabab was nice and would recommend to try it here.
Rated Used to be quite good. Don't know if they had a change in the kitchen staff which led to the pathetic quality of food they are delivering now. The regular indian chinese fare used to be pretty good. Now its just pathetic . Not really eager to give them another shot considering the number of options in this area.
Rated Chumma! I love this place! Whenever I had this strong craving for Chinese this was the place I would order from. A small place with barely 6 tables makes it a preferred take away joint. Try their chilli chicken dry and garlic rice... Shoot I'm hungry! You order anything here you will surely love it!
Rated Had a nice dinner at 11:45 in the night. Although that is around the time they close, the service was very warm and they stayed open till we finished. Nice food and the quantity is also quite well.
Rated A small joint known for its Indian and Chinese cuisine but majorly is good at deliveries located in Chandivali (Powai) . The paneer tikka masala, fried rice and starters are a treat. Best food at valuable prices. If you don't have a mood to cook dinner at home just call up and order food from here.
Rated Nice pizza nice test best for pure veg Really awesome Service also good Jain preparation also good but charge extra But overall nice experience
Rated Delightful customer service & experience. Pizzas and side dishes are way too good then domino's and pizza hut. Pizza lovers should try this once and i guarantee, they are gonna forget the D's and P H's that serve nothing but the ordinary! Well done guys...way to go!
Rated Craving for Italian food can strike you anywhere..and more so on a friday night! While searching for home delivery options (too lazy to step out), came across this one and seeing the rave reviews, decided to order. We decided to stick to basics and hence ordered pesto cheese garlic bread, Half and half pizza - Indianapoli and pepper blast and Pasta Puttanesca. i was really excited once i placed the order and started salivating reading the reviews on zomato. When the order arrived, it filled our living room with the beautiful smell of italian herbs!! But sadly, that was it. we started with the garlic bread, which was really soggy, it tasted alright, nothing great but REALLY SOGGY. Moved on to the pasta, for which we had requested more sauce and garlic, the sauce was there, but really lacked flavour. The flavour was actually quite confused, i would not call it a marinara, or even an italian sauce for that matter! The only saving grace were the olives in it. Coming to the pizza, i have no idea why would somebody keep only thin crust, or if you do, then maybe one should remove the other choice from the menu. I am not a fan of thin crust pizzas since very few places are able to do a good job with it! This joint, sadly, was not one of them, the pizza was absolutely DRY!! It was like roast papad, with which we had to use the pasta sauce to make it edible. The only reason we ate it was to satiate our hunger, nothing else. And trust me, this is the first time i am saying this about a PIZZA! Contrary to our perception, the pepper blast was comparatively better in flavour than the Indianapoli. At this point, we only hoped that the dessert would be a saving grace! They just had the Ferrero rocher cupcake which looked really tempting! But, alas, it was just a really dry cupcake with melted ferrero rocher on top. Overall, BIG Diasppointment!
Rated This little box is no ordinary box!! It had one of the most wonderful pasta I hv ever had. After ages of craving for good Italian food today we ordered from Pepe Donna and babe did they deliver. The cream, the basil, the garlic and it was all fresh. This place guys is strongly recommended!! Go ahead, satisfy your Italian La brama !!
Rated Saturday night in ; ordered penne in pink sauce and garlic bread. Gotta say the pasta was absolutely delightful, from quantity to the flavour, it was perfect. Many restaurants restrict the portion of veggies in the pasta but not chef Puja. She is also great with suggesting what to order. I was quite happy with the food overall, garlic bread was alright as well, since I like crispy ones better this one wasn't the best I had. Nonetheless a simple but stunning meal and delivery was prompt [sorry I forgot to tip the delivery boy :(]. Thanks Pepe Donna, will order frequently from here whenever I get a craving for Italian.
Rated As the cook here comes only in the morning for breakfast and lunch, we have excuse of eating out. Since we are out mostly day time prepping for a wedding in the family, we end up ordering for home delivery for dinner. Only for the kid we manage to cook home food. . While checking options on Zomato, I was looking at places on the other side of Powai, i.e. Chandivali as now we stay this side of the beautiful Powai. I came across this interesting spot Pepe Donna. Would have loved to DIne In there, but that day there was no energy to go out again. ... Read full post on acemat.blogspot.com
Rated Awesome food....awesome portion. ..awesome service. ...plz do try.....I insist Specially stuffed pasta is great dish of them.....perfectly cooked. The best part they cooperate and try to help you to find the best for you as per your recommendation.
Rated It's not often that I post a review on Zomato but after countless delightful meals that Pepe Donna has served me, a review is in order. I found Pepe Donna on one fine evening while scrolling through Tiny Owl. I ordered their Signature Stuffed Pasta. Unfortunately, the order was cancelled due to ingredients not being available but the owner was proactive and courteous and immediately called me and informed me about the same and recommended other options. That is when I serendipitously found their brilliant Four Cheese Pasta! Cooked to perfection in the most amazing sauce I've ever seen. And to top it off, their out of the world hospitality. Generally, ordering food via App/Call is fairly mechanical but not with these folks, unlike any other restaurant, they proved how great hosts they are by always following up about the food and experience. It may look like a very small gesture but for it speaks to volume that they care about their food and their guests and their comments. Coming back to food, their pastas are cooked to perfection. Neither under-cooked or overcooked (like most restaurants in vicinity), their sauce is nothing less than divine with perfect equilibrium of of flavors, none conflicting with other. The stuff I love most from here are Stuffed Pastas with Pink/Alfredo sauce, Four Cheese Pasta, Napoli Pizza and their absolutely stunning Masala Lemonade (It seems to have hint of Raw Mango). Also, their portion size is quite great too. In nutshell, if you are looking for a food that is at par (even better may be) than the celebrated outlets and great and warm hosts, don't look any further. I would really love it if you can include more variety in salads (to balance my over indulgence of Alfredo sauce pasta?! :D) If you are someone who appreciates great food and even greater hosts but are confused whether to try it or not, go ahead and take a plunge. You won't be disappointed. :) Thank you for your great food! Hope to see you expand into more localities soon!
Rated I have ordered twice(Alfredo and baked pasta) from pepedonna and love their pastas. Pastas are perfectly flavoured, cheesy and overall yummy. Tried their Cupcake it's nice as well. My only grouse is that they don't serve non veg pastas though they do serve eggs. Wld try more from their menu soon.
Rated Firstly, full marks for packing. Nice and Sober packing of food stuff. Secondly Food quality was nice. I tasted Veg Dum Biryani which was nice,though if served with raita would have been more pleasurable. The chutni alongwith biryani was nice but it doesn't go well with it. We also had meal box of Dal makhni and Chole which was equally good. A small dose of dessert made it more delightful. The food tasted more like " ghar ka khana" and overall it was a good experience. Lookin forward for to taste more options next time.
Rated BTW this place physically doesnt exist. the photos are probably of their marol outlet. Coz when i ordered in, the food came in from marol and the delivery guy said that there is no outlet in chandivali. Packaging was impressive and the pricing was also very reasonable. Food: Lasooni paneer meal: Not good. Tasted like some ready made gravy. Very less garlic flavour, specially if you are calling it lasooni. Lachha paratha was very hard. The chole meal: The chole were average. Could have been more authentic. But that's my opinion. Many people would like this too. Rice as nice with log grains and cooked perfectly. Paneer tikka wrap: this one was fabulous, only issue was the water oozing out when i bit the wrap, probably water from the chutney.
Rated Amazing biryanis and wraps indeed.... Loved them a lot....it is very famous as many of my friends told me to visit this place already once...... I loved it thanks cheers
Rated We didnt try their trademark Biryanis and wraps. As i have ordered earlier from their Marol Outlet we decided to order something from their Chandivali outlet. This time we decided to order Chocolava Cakes. We ordered 20 of them but we got 4 free. Their chocolava cakes is cheaper and better than Domino's. Worth a try.
Rated Amazing place hidden in a little corner in oshiwara. Decent service and a great go to place for a quick bite! Also friendly staff and large variety of food for veg and non veg.
Rated Indus opus is totally a value for money I had chicken tikka roll, paneer tikka roll, It is totally awsome , and I must say this is pocket friendly too....!!!
Rated This was the first time I ordered from Indus Opus and i must say that this restaurant is amazing. I ordered 1 chicken dum biryani, 1 chicken tikka kebab and a chocolate cake. I got the order within 30 mins and everything was just delicious and the quantity too was very nice. I would highly recommend this restaurant to all biryani lovers.
Rated Excellent service and best veg biryani. Staff was receptive of feedback. We ordered Pander biryani and an aloo achari wrap for 2 of us. Portion were just right and we had amazing time. We were sitting inside. Will go again.
Rated Stumbled upon this place while walking by Mega mall.. easy to miss but a nice little place. We ordered a paneer achari wrap since we weren't too hungry. Size of the wrap was a little disappointing considering the price but the freshness and seasoning was fantastic. The staff was extremely hospitable as well. Looking forward to returning to try the paratha/rice boxes.
Rated I see this place everday on my way to work,so one afternoon i decided to call for a delivery. The delivery took about an hour(to sloww). i ordered for a chicken dum biryani,chicken lasooni wrap & lava cake, and upon delivery d lava cake is missing . As i had already paid for the order thru FP, i told d fellow to adjust it next tym. To my suprise i get a call frm delivery person d same day in d night around 9 to deliver the pending order,he was kind enough to deliver d cake with a 600ml bottle of coke(thanks for d courtesy). The food was very well packed(excellent packaging), but the biryani was jst OK, quantity neglible. Bt the wrap was quite good, again for d price it was too small & the choco lava cake it was a true indulegence. Food:3/5 Service:3.5/5(half point extra for the courtrsy ) Quantity: 2/5 WFM : 2.5/5
Rated Of all the ice cream parlours in and around chandivali, I like Baskin Robbins the best. Because they've got the oreo cookie sundae. Their butterscotch, gold medal ribbon and Bavarian chocolate flavours are nice too. I recently discovered the golden crumble shake on their menu, which is a must-try for the "dudh-pio" puttars. Also, waffle cones have gotta be man's best invention, like ever.
Rated I regularly place get my sugar cravings satiated with the amazing choc. sticks frm here. Never had any issues with order taking. No rudeness, no missed orders. I am genuinely surprised at the -ve reviews. Though the delivery TAT can be a little faster, its still pretty decent. BR has the best icecreams. choc sticks - specially Mississippi mud & world class choclate, must,must try.
Rated Mumbai’s extended high afternoon temperatures despite it being December, has definitely made one person happy in this entire city. Our daughter! She can justifiably demand an ice-cream citing “It’s so hot”! And more so today, when she got pricked for a vaccination. We didn’t have the heart to say a ‘No’ to today’s request and so, went in for a quick scoop at Baskin & Robbins. Quite a range, I must say. Both daughter and I requested for the Litchi flavour while the father settled for his usual Chocolate. Litchi is nice, but I found it a little too sweet. Maybe I am partial to Natural Ice Cream for all fruit flavours. Nice, clean place. Smiling staff. wheelsonourfeet.com
Rated Amazing new outlet with tasty mouthwatering ice creams.
Rated Restaurant is small but food is too delicious. This is the place I frequently visit... Rate is also affordable... And I loved its kaju masala. Must try...
Rated Sitaram kitchen as the name States very down to earth place a typical lunch home nothing great about the ambience one should expect at first the menu looked so simple with basic dishes comprising of Chinese , Indian and South Indian. We ordered chicken tikka biryani , Reshmi kebab and a buttermilk the wait was worth we got this amazing quantity or biryani and the Reshmi tikka worth a fine dining quality as a very minimal price overall perfecto!!!
Rated I haven't really been to the place physically. Have always ordered for delivery. The food is decent enough and the quantity per serving is quite adequate. Their delivery service is very prompt and they usually deliver within 15-20 minutes to my office which is close to their outlet. My colleagues and I have tried almost everything in the menu and everything is decent enough. Nothing great but worth a try for people living/working in chandivali area.
Rated Less spacious but food taste is really good and worth the price. It is good to order and get d food delivered to your place. Food is very inexpensive and service is good.
Rated Exactly opposite to office this place is crowed by all the ppl who work in the area close to this place. This place is packed between 1-3 pm and after 9 pm. Been eating for more than a year. The food is good & this is the cjr cheapest restaurant serving the same or i can say better quality food. The owner is a very good person, whenever we're going to this place during lunch hrs all we do is call up & tell him our order. When we go there in 5 mins max everything is served to us. Overall a good place to eat. The food portion is enough for 2 ppl. The service is average. The ambience is ok.
Rated Competitive pricing, Check Quick service, Check Hot food, well seasoned, Check Portion size, very generous. Hygiene : check Bonus: Paratha and chaas, very good Negatives: chapati was not soft. Excellent lunch place even at 3pm, place was fairly full. Bill : 150/- VFM - Check
Rated It was one of an unplanned late night snacks, Though a Misadventure eventually. This place being just nearby us, We thought of giving it a try. And Like we were very hungry, we asked for something which would take less time for preparation. We ordered VEG CRISPY and Two Soft drinks. Meanwhile we realized Ambiance and cost is pretty fine. As soon as it arrived and in our first bite it left us with the baddest taste ever.It was very oily with an over-use of food color. Though My friend did struggle to eat few more, But then gave up later. And we decided to not go for this. The review is subjected to our personal experience. Though i have heard they serve good non-veg food, But to a vegetarian it can be a bad break. We quickly finished a bottle of soft drink out of hunger. And moved. I would any day prefer Thambi over this place.
Rated Good taste and worth the price...Days passed and they have improved a lot. Good food and worth price. Good at delivery as well. Food coupon credit card convenience as well. Singapore fried rice yummy !!!
Rated We were actually planning to visit 'True Tramm Trunk'. But sadly it was full :( so we stumbled across Quench and we didn't regret any second being in it! It was amazing! In drinks we were in beer mood and little vodka. We had: 1. Keetle One with Breezer - Was okay 2. Birra Mortti - We had too much 3. Miller Smirnoff - We had too much ;) 4. Kamakazi Shots - nothing new, regular K-shots! Food, their appetizer was all with bit of gravy. First we did frown up. But when we had a taste of it, there was no going back!!! It was tasty!!! :D We had: 1. Chicken Bruschetta - Was soul satisfying. 2. Grilled Cottage Cheese - Soft Cheese with appropriate amount of spice 3. Veg Lasagna - With exactly right amount of cheese! 4. Quench Beer Chicken - MUST TRY!! WILL MELT YOUR TASTE BUDS AWAY 5. Quench Beer Prawns - SPEECHLESS! Well, to sum it up. It was an pleasant surprise we stumbled upon. Will definitely keep coming! :D and I forgot to mention, MUSIC WAS AWESOME ON THE SAT NIGHT....
Rated If you are looking for a place that offers value for money and good music (its little too loud of late) around Juhu, go for quench. Its a small place but we always get a place to sit somehow. We had tried long island iced tea, caprioska, jalapeño cheese poppers, veg Hakka noodles, onion rings and some chicken starter and I must say everything (except the dip that comes with onion rings) was quite decent. They have 'buy one get one' offer on IMFL, beers and cocktails running throughoutthe week which is quite cool. The smoking area is the place where we spent half of our time but that's because the music's been quite loud inside! Its convenient and offers quite a variety at decent prices...
Rated This place is getting real high rating for me. Primarily for tasty appetizers, great service and super cheap drinks. This place is made very well. right above starbucks at Juhu. great place to hangout with friends and chill. They also have karoake nights. Those are really fun. Only hitch being although we were group of 5 ppl we were nbot allowed take sofa seats. Apparently its only for 6 ppl an dabove. SAD!
Rated This place is AMAZING! Booze is incredibly cheap ( however, they don't excel in making cocktails). Food is equally good. Great place for hanging out with college folks. And the karaoke nights are so much fun!
Rated When you need a break from all that's mundane, head right here and Quench your thirst! Dropped by here on a Sunday evening for a nice evening snack after a gruelling weekend at college. One word: sensational! We called for some Mushroom Skewers and Jalapeño Cheese Nuggets; both were absolutely out of this world! And the dips to go with these were lip smacking too! Followed these up with a sizzler and a few drinks. The sizzler was fantastic, the mocktails were very well done and the time taken was very less! The perfect break! The only drawback was probably the portion sizes for the appetizers, which are so good, you feel upset they would give you such tiny portions! I'd happily pay more for larger portions of stuff that's so awesome in taste! Definitely returning sometime soon!
Rated ambience is just nice !!!!! Quench - All Day Pub is good with chill out with friendsssss.. The place is just awesomely made. Service is prompt and the food is really good trust me really good. The best part is that how much ever busy the restaurant is the quality doesn't suffer.
Rated Brilliant pun with lively, artistic drawings on the wall - Be it MJ or Pink Floyd album covers. The pub has good music and offers live screening during important sports matches. The beer at this place is extremely affordable and the happy hour offers are good. The cocktails weren't great and that we felt was the only downside about this place. Good place to hangout with friends!
Rated I had heard about this place so decided to give it a try ...well for drinks they have all day offer on 1 drink u get a drink free ...well that's the bait ...we started with garlic bread with cheese ...was v good and along with it we ordered cocktail..as I was expecting it was dilute and they had made one by 2 ...it was no high only sugar syrup...Next we ordered a pizza ...man how can I go wrong with pizza ...it appeared to be old one which was re warmed ...a total disaster ! Crowd was ok ok more of people shouting to attract attention which I found v sick ! music is only saving grace nice songs played through out !! My frd was also disappointed with her drink and pizza !! Guys u need to improve food standards !! And run schemes which are worth it !!
Rated I often visit this place as I'm a beer lover, and what attracts me here in bud pint for 99 bucks, more than that music! I feel like these guys play my playlist only, nice rock all the time! Do visit em for nice ambiance, one thing they made it great that easy access to the elevator from restaurant
Rated Awesome place Music was mind blowing Waiters were also very cool and interactive Since we went last Saturday for one of friend birthday party so was fully satisfied with the party... Little expensive but overall a descent as well as nice place
Rated *Short review* So we had some guests from scotland recently who wanted us to take them to this place as hrc is famous in their country as well. As soon as we entered the place it was all lively atmistphere, crazy music going on, bartender performing at the bars. Loved they atmostphere here. Coming to the food tried their mixed platter which had onion rings, cheese cigar, chicken wings etc. It was good. The portion size was good. Tried some of their mocktails which were huge in size.loved them too. Perfect to sip on a summer evening. Tried their legendary veg burger, trust me its almost impossible for 1 person to finish it, its huge in size and really filling. The best about this place was their ymca dance. Waited till 11am just to enjoy that dance. Special mention for the staff, they are just amazing, extremely interactive amd funny.. overall had a great evening, surely visiting this place again!!
Rated Omg wat an awesome place. High music playing superb ambience. Loved to see the stuff from all great musicians. The staff is also amzing and always helpful. A happening place worth visiting. The store has some amazing stuff. The bar area is so awesome and the dancing area too with screen. The food served is so tasty and delicious.
Rated A renowned place known for its love towards Rock. Luckily the day I went the music theme too was Rock. The ambience is nice but I believe the town branch is much cooler. The drinks are really amazing, specially the shooters. Tried the nachos and it was average. Overall it was a pleasant experience.
Rated Does this place needs any introduction...?? NAAAAAA .... :p HARD ROCK has always been an amazing experience.... The ambience, lighting and sound is the best. Having professionals and engineers working on the scene is what makes it "the best". The drinks and food are worth the money. But the attraction is the seating arrangements and ambience. Fantastic place with fantastic interiors. No complaints at all. From service to food to alcohol, everything seems just perfect 5 Star especially for the Service. Good job fellas , you have nailed it. My suggestion for dis place will be - reserve a table in a weekend n simply indulge urself.... :)
Rated A friend suggested we use the offer they have for the 3 course meal and so we landed up there... We had to order from a table d'hote menu and it was quite decent.. There were 6 of us and we had a chance to virtually try everything... Everything non veg that is.. Lol.. The starters were decent... Best being the chicken seekh kebab. The schezwan chicken was more Indian than Chinese... The spring rolls were nice, but the samosettes felt like a triangular shaped spring roll. A couple of people had the salads, all chicken again, more like the kind one would toss up at home... Iceberg lettuce, chunks of tomatoes, handful of sweet American corn, and a few dices of chicken... And graciously served with 2 olives thrown over everything.... The mains are where it for interesting... The chicken burgers were good, so was the chicken breast with cilantro sauce. I ordered the roast chicken with Rosemary... ALERT: Hard Rock Cafe Management - it's great to have the servers all hip and speaking in an accent, but a little knowledge of food would go a long way too... The chicken breast was a big one, too big for a roast and it was dry and stringy. I told our server that the breast was too dry... To which he promptly offered to get more sauce. Guys, an overcooked, dry and stringy breast cannot be soaked down with sauce... It needs to be replaced! Moving to dessert, the bread pudding was served with ice cream, and the pudding tasted more like banana bread rather than the standard bread pudding,... The creme brulee was condensed milk in a shot glass with some sugar sprinkled and caramelised. The chocolate mousse... Well, shan't say anything about it coz am sure you will get better at a roadside dessert joint. The ambience is great, the music better, but the food was below par.
Rated Perfect place for music lovers. I was here on Thursday night and had one amazing night with live music by Anand Bhaskar collective. With fish and chips and some Cocktails and beer the night was perfect.
Rated Came here couple of times mostly because of Youtube Happy Hours. Quite a great place, Good ambience and drinks are fine. food is okayish but otherwise great place!
Rated Superb ambiance, perfect drinks, delicious food and awesome music sums up for HRC. the place is very spacious and beautifully decorated. The food is delicious, ordered nachos, fries , a chicken dish(forgot the name), Ultimate LIIT and Boston ice tea. nachos were fantastic loaded with cheese loved it. The staff is very polite and pampers you like anything.
Rated Located behind shopper stop, it is on ground floor on SV road. We ordered for Lemon pepper fish, sautéed mushroom, sangria and beer. The fish was liked by my friends and mushrooms were well prepared as they didn't become soggy. The best part was the music which was soothing. Will return back sometime soon. As we didn't stay for very long can't comment much on the food. Service was excellent. In fact I forgot my card and the waiter chased me down to return it back. Kudos to his attentiveness and his honesty.
Rated Visited this restaurant for their newly launched sunday brunch menu. The restaurant has a beautiful ambience, soul satisfying music, and a service that will never dissapoint you. As soon as i reached the restaurant i was escorted to my table by the manager. The manager was really polite and a very lively and active personality. His presence will surely lightup your mood. This place has a really good crowd since it is located on the lively street of bandra! Coming to food: Mocktails- The midas touch- this mocktail was a blend of cucumber, watermelon, and lime. Very tasty and loved the freshness of this mocktail. It had a sweet and tangy taste. Mood maiden- this mocktail was a blend of cranberry juice, lychee, basil, sour mix, ginger ale. I am a huge fan of mocktails that has ginger as ginger guve your mocktail a lil spicy and fresh taste. So this surely was amy favourite 1. Little foot- Guava juice, lime, tobasco sauce, pepper. A guava mocktail can never go wronge, especially when served with spices. This mocktail had a thick consistency, sweet and spicey taste. If your a guava lover dont missout on this. Salad- Three melon salad- one of the best salad i have had so far. Beautiful, chilled circle shaped melons(watermelon, muskmelon, greenmelon) toped with feta cheese, pinenuts, and lime. Melons were sweet and juicy, lime was tangy and feta was salty which is three different tastes in 1 bite. Absolutely amazing it was. Starters- Patatas bravas- potato pockets stuffed with ratatouile vegetables,mascarpine cheese and herbed hot sauce. Crispy outside, spicy inside and cheesy on the top. This is a sureshot try! Dont miss this out. Focasia and cottage cheese bites- grilled cottage cheese amd vegetables spiked with tomato sauce and pesto drizzle. It was a good one but could have been better. The base could have been a little more crispy i felt. But not a bad one. Main course- pan roasted vegetable ravioli. I have tried ravioli alot of times but these were amazing. The ravioly was huge in a size and thin. The sauce was cheezy and garnished with loads of fried garlic which gave the pasta an even better taste. Can surely try this if you are dine with penne and ither forms of pasta. Chaar chees grilled sandwhich- the sandwhich had a lot of filling consisting if paneer and alot of exotic vegetables, also a good anount of cheese. The vegetables were cooked in a medium spicey sauce and then filled im between the breads. There a variety of breads available to choose from. It was served with a nice spicy dip. Dessert- Nuttela pancakes- nicely cooked round shaped pancakes served with bluebbery sauce, dark chocolate nuttela and honey. I am a huge fan of nutella and pancakes and this combination was truely deadly for me. Overall I enjoyed the place, the food was excellent, the service was good, the ambience is beautiful and cool, music is bangon. I am surely visiting this place again. Cheers Taste- 4.5/5 Ambience- 4.5/5 Music-5/5
Rated The elegance talks for the place , classy ambience , great drinks every time you order its something new , there food is actually yummy and filling love the Moroccan lamb and steak .
Rated This place is smaller than I thought. But really good, nonetheless. The ambiance is very classy. The cocktails both hit you and delight your taste-buds. The food is surprisingly well-priced. The service could be more prompt though. The Daily is definitely worth a visit.
Rated The Daily has been around for a while now and somehow it's only recently that I ended up going there. Right when you enter, you see that not only are they a place that serves great drinks, but also there's a definite positive vibe going on that can be totally uplifting. And this good vibe is something that they have spread across the entire place - quite literally! If you look at the walls or look up when you're seated indoors you will see that there are news articles framed and these are generally about good, interesting things happening around the world. So good news and good vibes - that itself would make me a repeat customer! Coming to what I ate - I was here to sample their recently launched brunch menu. This is about 1700 bucks per person and includes unlimited cocktails and liquor varieties and a meal ranging from soup to salad to eggs to other main dishes and finally dessert. First things first - i tried out a red wine sangria. Good amount of chopped apple and perfect quantity of wine. Next I tried the 3 melon salad. This was extremely refreshing - lemon and mint dressing with 3 kinds of melon. Melons are by themselves extremely light and flavorful. And the right amount feta kept adding that slight slick to this salad. Then I tried the Patatas Bravas - these were potato canapes with a vegetable and mascarpone cheese filling. Potatoes done right - that's how I would describe this. Then tried an omelette with some cherry tomatoes and salad on the side. If you're an eggetarian then just ask them to give it to you minus the sausage. Then tried the Cottage cheese steak which was served with tossed veggies on the side and came with a cheesy fondue on the top. This was exceptional. You could feel all the creaminess and the flavor of the veggies and the paneer steak mixed with that was just super! Coming to the dessert - I tried this chocolate bomb kind of thing - this takes about 15 minutes to get ready so you should order it before hand. This is basically a chocolate crust on the outside with a filling of warm chocolate sauce inside and it sits in a bowl of coffee. Chocolate and coffee mixed can never go wrong. This is just the chocolate warmth melting with the coffee. I can't describe it any better. Then I tried their waffles - freshly done with maple syrup, honey and caramel sauce. Excellent. Come to this place for having a nice chilled out afternoon or evening. Nothing can go wrong when good vibes are combined with good food. And don't miss the wishing net outside and drop your wish too. I love their interiors too - monochrome with a slight bit of vintage. Do follow me on Instagram - sugarspiceniceindia and on snapchat - sugarspicenicee for updates about my food journey.
Rated Stepping into this place feels like stepping into a greyscale glossy newspaper. They have an extremely powerful monochromatic theme. Everything exudes confidence here, right from their marble topped tables to their strong-backed buffalo printed sofas. With the media nowadays grabbing eyeballs with attention-seeking negativity, this place stands apart with its rows and rows of happily framed newspaper cut-outs hanging from the ceiling and their huge intriguing cage of well wishes. If this is not enough to restore your faith in positivity, they play music with robust background scores. We are truly grateful for being invited here for a review. Their food looks master chef pretty. Presentation and class are their primary forté. In the drinks, we had the Moon Maiden. It had a perfect blend of cranberry, ale and the tanginess of lime. You know a drink is good when it has a crackle of an aftertaste to it. This one struck the right chords with the cranberry juice being neither too sweet, nor too sour. All the food here had tiny flavours assimilating together to produce a distinct taste. Snapshot was apple juice with lemon grass with an ice tea-ish taste. It had the same quirky undefinable taste with slight hints of other flavours. We could taste apple in power with a lemon grass after-taste. There was also a mild ginger-y taste about it. We also had Midas Touch. It had watermelon, cucumber and anise. This small bomb of a drink was extremely rejuvenating and had a fresh flavour to it. With the watermelon making it a cool summer drink, the cucumber and anise make an extremely hydrating, cold addition. The cucumber and mint were distinct with watermelon complementing their flavour. Coming to the Yellow Mellow, it had a peculiar flavour of pineapple and banana, with the pineapple being the protagonist. It was tangy, yet sweet drink. This was by far one of the most unique combinations we have ever had. The Roast Chicken Salad here had a very smooth taste. They had a base of olive oil and butter blending all the ingredients like soft and spiced julienne chicken, olives, kale leaves, spinach and finely chopped, soft, buttery tomato together. This assortment comes in a thick wooden bowl. The Champagne Mushroom Fricassee had wild mushroom sautéed with champagne. It had a slight, weak and tender cover holding soft vinegered parmesan-cheesy mushrooms within. There was a ketchup sauce splattered on the side with a decor of basil and cilantro leaves. Their tomato sauce felt homemade with a hint of chilly and a blast of flavour. Beer Battered Prawns and Calamari, this had a sider of mayonnaise with super-fine onion chops and coriander in it. There was a crunchy, crispy layer on top, once you get past this, there are moist prawns within. This dish brought a strong mouth-watering aroma of fresh prawns and beer with it. It came in a wooden basket on a lace tissue. The Cottage Cheese Steak which formed an essential part of the food we ate was cooked absolutely brilliantly. The fork just sunk into the cottage cheese making it taste like heaven. The fondue served alongside was creamy cheesy and thick at the same time. The ratatouille served alongside was just the best one we ever had. The Char Cottage Cheese Sandwich also was made brilliantly. It basically had the same fillings as the steak but the bread made it deeper and better and also more succulent. Their presentation skills blew our minds off. We had the Slow Roast Pork with Pineapple and Bird Eye Chili Glaze in Brioche Bread. The bread was thick and slightly toasted. The pork was plain magic. It was sweetened to perfection with the perfect glaze. It was juicy and utterly succulent. This came with fries and a special salad. The salad had really fresh vegetables and was a delight. We also had the Flourless Dark Chocolate Mud Cake. This was a dream. Probably the best dessert we have ever had. The chocolate was rich and insanely soft. It had powdered sugar shower and a slim burnt apple slice on the side with vanilla ice cream topped with a cute cilantro leaf. Mascarpone Almond Crumble was another amazement. This had the softest cream cheese scoops sprinkled with almond bits sided with glazed oranges. The oranges just slid out of their peel. They serve fine food at its best. All in all, this place blew our minds away. Their food, their ambience, their aura is just a class apart. They could have a little more variety for vegetarians, but it is heaven for meat-lovers. It has panache. Ambience: 5/5 Taste Quotient: 4.5/5 Service: 4.5/5
Rated Thought I would try the place, but it has no home delivery option. The person who picked up the phone at the restaurant said they don't deliver but they would ask someone who delivers to try and deliver.... wrong listing for the place in any case. Cafe Mangii is much better with better service.
Rated Elegant upbeat place with both indoor and outdoor seating, fancy lighting and decorated with nicely framed news (as per its own name), it’s a good location for a romantic dinner as well as a refined place where to meet your friends and enjoy creative cocktails and yummy food with prompt and kind service. Reserving a table is recommended though, as it’s popular and with limited seating. Sometimes it’s also booked or private parties or anniversaries. Here some suggestions: Three melon salad, patatas bravas, triple cheese stuffed mushrooms, cornflakes crusted fish and chips, lemon pepper fish, rosemary spiked tenderloin slider, pan roasted veg ravioli, pin rolled stuffed chicken breast. As regards the cocktails: Cleopatra, Humble pie; molecular cocktails: wild card, oriental passion, pure reflection. Distinctive is also their extensive list of sangria variations.
Rated Recently as a part of HSBC #BeyondFlavours we were asked to review The Daily by The FBAI. Not only had this place been on our bucketlist for a while, we had also heard a lot of amazing stuff about it. Hence, we were really excited to have gotten the chance to review this restaurant. All excited and jumpy we reached The Daily for dinner. We had a really liked the ambience of the place. While the outside had black picnic tables with black cushioned chairs. The enclosed area was more sauve, with tall marble tables accompanied by elegant tall bar chairs, there were also a few booths with zebra printed sofas. The area was well lit with fancy lights, making dining and drinking a more pleasurable experience. ... Read full post on fatfoodiesworld.wordpress.com
Rated Well let me start off by saying that I had the most amazing Sunday brunch today after a long long time ! I wanted to try the daily bar and kitchen for a long long time but somehow it just couldn't workout ! So when I saw a FB post about them starting weekend lunches, I just couldn't resist ! So daily bar has a unique decor which is mostly black white n grey with frames of recent news articles from all over the world stuck to their walls ! So I suppose the "daily" word in name of the retro bar stands for "the daily news" ! Now let's come to the amazing cocktails and food on offer that made me fall in love with this place ! So here is what I had :- Cocktails:- The Mixologist has done a great job here ...so I will tell you how intricately each flavour was infused in the cocktail ! The contender - Vodka based cocktail with pear mint and nutmeg. Here the dominant flavour of pear was infused by using fresh pear juice and pear liqueur. There is a hint of nutmeg was added by grating it on top! Moulin rouge - Vodka based cocktail with cinnamon basil passion fruit apple infused tea. Here the dominant flavour of apple juice was infused by heating it with assam tea.(cooled n used of course) You also get a hint of basil n cinnamon which are added by muddling them together. Shimmer ball - Gin based cocktail with basil dates cranberry infused chamomile tea. Here the dominant flavour of cranberry juice was infused by heating it with chamomile tea.(cooled n used of course) You also get a hint of basil n dates which were added by muddling them together. Elysium - Whiskey and rosso martini based cocktail with curry leaves dates and apple juice . The dominant curry leaves flavour comes across clearly with the bitter whiskey ! Algonquin - Well this is a molecular cocktail made using old monk /almond syrup/Pineapple juice/coriander. Burnt hickory wood smokey flavour is added right on your table with a smoke gun.(pictures attached) Here the dominant flavour is of smokey hickory wood and coriander . Mixologist speciality- Kahlua coffee liqueur and Malibu rum based coconut liqueur is added to Ginger ale . Here the dominant flavour is of coffee and coconut. I enjoyed each and every cocktail that I had .....they were refreshing smooth soothing and balanced in their flavour profile. Each had its own unique flavour so choose what suits your taste buds ..... And if you are not sure what to order just call in the Mixologist and tell him the flavours you like ....he will make something from or off the menu specially for you ! Like what I did for my coffee coconut flavoured cocktail ..... Salads:- Tuna salad- Shredded Tuna with boiled egg/potatoes/lettuce/cherry tomatoes/peppers/olives /french beans and onions in a lemon mustard mayo dressing . Well the Tuna with the lemony mustard dressing was tasting fabulous and went really well with boiled eggs and potatoes....very interesting for them to add potatoes! It went very well !! Eggs to order :- So here the omelette comes with Chilli garlic chicken sausage/grilled cherry tomatoes/Herb multigrain toasted bread/mustard flavoured cucumber peppar salad. The chilli garlic flavour added to the regular sausage made it yummy ! Cherry tomatoes and salad were good additions to the omelette and the in house made bread was rustic and delicious! So coming to the omelette i tried two of them - Oven dried tomato/waterchesnut/holy basil - Fabulous flavour of basil cutting across the eggs with the waterchesnut giving it a crunchy profile. Smoked chicken and parmesan cheese - Lovely smokey chicken flavour with a dash of parmesan...garnished with chives. Both the Omelettes were super fluffy soft melting in the mouth.....made possible by adding milk and lesser egg yolk while whisking ! Pancakes :- Grandma's style Pancakes made fresh using in house made batter of flour butter,milk and eggs ! Topped with fresh cream and Berry compote . Served with salted caramel sauce,maple and honey . Super moist soft and delicious! Creamy fresh cream and soury Berries added another layer of flavour! Surprised to see a "Bar" nailing omelette and pancakes ! canapés :- Drunken prawns - Pan fried prawns tossed with garlic/onion/basil/lemon juice Then infused and reduced with Sambuca liquor and cream . Served with Garlic butter bread. juicy prawns tasted really nice with the fennel flavour liqueur in the creamy lemony sauce. Balsamic vinegar plating was a fantastic idea as it gave a extra layer of zesty flavour!!! Spicy Chicken wings - Twice cooked -baked n fried chicken wings with in house made spicy barbecue sauce(chilli sugar n vinager base) When you bite in the wings the meat falls apart from the bones on its own !!! Perfect!!!! Sandwiches:- Slow roast pork with pineapple and bird eye chillies glaze in brioche bread. Served with French fries and tomato dip. The crispy french brioche bread made with egg cream butter n flour had its own sweetish moist texture.....it was filled with perfectly roasted pork getting it's sweetness from pineapple and then the bird eye chillies ripping it apart with its spiciness!!!!! Fantastic balance of sweet n spicy flavour was maintained in the filling! The humble dip that came along was made of spicy chillies tomato sauce ginger garlic and celery . It was oozing with the freshness of ginger n garlic ! Tantalising! Sliders:- Four mini burgers served with fries and a minty mayo dip. Spicy chicken - Grilled chicken marinated with mango pickle flavour/cheddar cheese/onion rings. Tangy soury chicken with crunchy onion rings ......wow !!!! Loved it !! Minced lamb - minty flavour lamb patty/picked cucumber/cheddar cheese Freshness of mint in the lamb patty gave it a refreshing flavour! Pickled cucumbers elevated it even further ! I would also like to mention that the mini burger buns used in the sliders were made in house and were literally melting in your mouth !!!perfect !!! Baking breads and buns in house for their omelette sandwiches and sliders has really impressed me .....the freshness and flavour of even just the bread/buns stand out ! Main course:- Spinach and cottage cheese crepe - Oven roasted crepe filled minced spinach and cottage cheese,floating on a spicy tomato cream sauce . The bitterness of spinach was cut by the cottage cheese and tasted amazing with the pomodoro sauce - plum Tomato cream based sauce with added pameson and basil . It's was creamy tangy n delicious to the core .....must order even if you are a non vegetarian like me..... Desserts:- Mascarpone ice cream with caramalized oranges and almond crumble - Yeah Mascarpone ice cream!!! How cool is that !? (The same cheese that is used to make Tiramisu). Elevated with citrusy sweet orange and crunchy almonds !!!! Totally devine !!!! Must order ! Woooh !!!! That's it ! Just go and try if you haven't already .....I'm sure you are gonna love it ! Go try indulge!!! anandtiwari.in
Rated Who serve's alcohol in MRP rates...?? Yes its Tight!! Good place and nice atmosphere.. Place is little small so you need to get in early to get table..
Rated I had been to this place on the Eve of holi with some friends and being a great ambience I wanted more from this place.....but I was hugely disappointed. What they don't understand is that ppl like to eat with drinks especially when there is a group of women. Neither the cocktails, wine or the food wasgood. Actually the paneer tikka masala (the paneer was fresh) and my virgin mojito was the only thing me and my friends relished. Even the margarita pizza ordered - the cheese smelled weird, there was way to less sauce between the bread and the cheese. My frnds ordered egg bhurji n chicken legs n they were OK with it. Any dish felt as though the sauces were same there was no difference at all. Great DJ n great ambience rest all was not good.
Rated So sundays need to be fun n so we landed here. The place charged us entry which was unexpected. Had heard a lot abt this place. The ambience was pretty cute. The lights perfect to set the mood. We ordered a beer tank and settled in the mood. Fun evening it was.
Rated Not the best food in the world (they have dal rice on their menu too) but really cheap but good alcohol available (MRP prices) on a cover charge of Rs 50.
Rated I went there on sunday evening. All the chairs were full. The best thing about this pub is it serves liquir on mrp for few hours on everyday. It's the biggest plus point. Nice music was playing but it should be more loud. 2 thing that I dislike z they don't allow people to sit at the bar & sometimes they don't allow stag people to go inside, it's not always possible to carry a girl to get entry. Sometimes we could with friends & not getting entry only because I do not come with a girl z not right. Management shout sort out this issue. Otherwise it's fine. nice food, nice place, young crowd & well behaved staff.
Rated So there you go.. Great ambiance.. Cheap booze (Although I don't booze).. And not to forget the great music and food.. Tight is the place to be on weekends after a long hectic week.. Chill around with friends and have a great time..especially during India vs Pakistan! Great service.. Budget friendly..
Rated I simply love their Ambience, the crowd, the wines and most of all THE PRICES ! Plus such an ingenious idea of price change. It's that favourite place to go to , for every other weekend .
Rated This place is always crowded.. I like the ambience. The concept is really nice that the price keeps on fluctuating! Not nice when the one thing you like is expensive. The crowd is good.. I wasn't able to find the place before,because it's there inside a secluded place.. but now that i know u have been kinda a regular !
Rated Had a smashing evening here yesterday. Pros: The stock exchange concept is pretty cool. I found quite a few 'fancy' brands at lower than usual prices. Drinks are served very promptly. Each time at the counter I never waited more than 2 mins to get my drink. Quantities of appetisers were great. Taste was very good too! The DJ played great music throughout, more or less. What can improve: The washroom needs to be a lot cleaner. The air conditioning isn't sufficient for how crowded the place gets. This needs to be looked into. Will I be back? Very soon! Definitely recommended.
Rated After a lot of hype, I finally found myself heading towards Bar Stock Exchange. The place is known for its cheap liquor where in the rates keep changing according to the demand. Extremely interesting concept. Ambience - Live screens like stock exchange showing fluctuations in liqour proces, TV sets all along for live sports streaming, both types of seatings: outdoor (for smokers) as well as indoor and good lively music. Definitely a 5/5. Food - Ordered a Chilly Chicken and one Honey Chilli Potato. Decent food, fresh ingredients used. Though the fries were Honey Potato really as the chilli factor was mild. 4/5 Service - Prompt service. But then again they were pushing the offers for the today instead of suggesting the cheapest liquor at the point (which we had explicitly asked). 3.5/5 Value For Money - That's a definite 5/5 for sure. I would have gone broke had I ordered the same amount of food or liquor in any other place.
Rated We went on a Saturday evening. Reached exactly at 6 30 pm so people were still coming in. The prices at that time were at the lowest and we ordered in bulk! The food was pretty good and the staff was courteous. Maybe after 9 the place becomes a little expensive. Overall a good experience! Will definitely try the other outlets.
Rated Crowdy place on weekdays and very crowdy on weekends. You might wait for 1-2 hours to get a table. Creative concept of trading alcohol but will always be peak pricing on weekends. Go for weekdays, you might get cheap liquor as few people told me. For appetisers try their nachos it compliments well with alcohol Ambience-4/5 Service- 2.5/5 coz you have to wait Value for money- 3.5/5
Rated This place is so cheap!! A vodka shot for 100 bucks?! Definitely a good place to go with friends to have good liquor and not pay a bomb.. Definitely worth visiting.
Rated The most fun I've had at any pub- courtesy the ambience provided by Bar Stock Exchange, and the company of Hardik Batra, Nikhil Gupta, Nikunj Agarwalla and Aditi Olemann. Pro tip- never ask a random girl if she's fine
Rated A lounge that never disappoints, I love its weekdays the most as weekends are definitely too packed, especially from 10 onwards! Cool music and location, perfect to chill out and have fun with your friends. It’s a real task to choose from their “legend cocktail” list, each one of them so good and creative. As regards food, some of the dishes I have tried with friends and liked very much are: wok tossed chicken and prawns, chicken and chive wontons, harissa chicken skewers, picante prawns and calamari, tequila lime chicken taco and mushroom and broccoli bao sandwich
Rated So one of the normal bars in bandra bonobo was not a very good experience. The drinks were accompanied with flat cold drinks and the chicken salt and pepper was undercooked. Hope to have a better experience next time
Rated Great on any evening upto 9 p.m. Place is packed over the weekend and play some really good button pushing music(EDM) The food is really good and so are the cocktails. Try the Olive Jalapeño martini and forbidden apple scintillating stuff. Harissa chicken and chicken nachos are really yummy!!!
Rated Ambience is chilled out and good for after work meetup and hanging out with friends during slow weekday nights. Music is good! The menu features Mexican cuisine and Continental finger food. The drinks are overpriced! Would recommend this place for a once in two months visit.
Rated Bonobo Is a cozy place with both outdoor open air seating and indoor dance area available. It is located near many famous places like bar stock exchange, TAP, Hawaiian shack,monkey bar and so on. A crowdy place with very good music ( very few places where I hv seen live hip-hop performance and I liked that) Usually it is buzzing with regulars who visits bonobo very often. A bit expensive place with good bar menu and limited food menu. Nothing out of the box besides good music for me. Needs vow factor. (May be revamping a place also could work well just a thought). You can have plenty of other good places in the same locality but still this place has its own charm. Cheers!!
Rated Very nice place! Lovely people and staff! Price is on the higher side but totally worth the class of the place! A perfect set up where you can sit out and hear each other talking because the music doesn't bother you, and go inside and dance your ass off with the music getting louder in there!
Rated A nice place to chill with some finger food and booze. The rates are pretty decent and the ambience is also cool. Again, since this place is in Bandra, getting a table on a weekend could be a difficult task
Rated This used to be a favorite once upon a time for good music and dancing..getting a table here can be really tricky esp weekends. I've only tried some finger food here like fries and pizza. And these have been pretty ok. It's mainly a drinking place.
Rated So we had visited Bonobo on a Monday evening and to our surprise it was quite empty. So there was a Monday happy hour where drinks were priced starting Rs 99 *win win* We called for food - though options were less , the food was really yummy . The quantity was good ( decently impressive) . A good place to go - but with so many more options to explore , it may take a while for me to get back here.
Rated Don't know why I have never been there in last 3 years of my stay in Powai. But now, visited this place twice in last 2 weeks. The location is very easy to find and the stunning views of Powai lake from the roof top deck makes this lounge special. Even in summer evenings if you reach ~7:00 pm it feel comfortable with breeze and nice air from the fans. There is a a/c area on First floor and ground floor but I found that little more noisy but good if you want to shake a leg. Cocktails were not too impressive, little too sweet and mild. But, you can stick to regular drinks with choice of mixers as they have 2+1 from Sun to Thus all day. Beers are nicely priced and they have all standards one in collection. Starters are excellent. Have tried Bhatti ka murg which had great quantity and style of serving. The taste was excellent and it was made to perfection. Mangolian chiken was not that great but it was average. There was another chicken kebad I had (sorry to forgot the name but pic attached). That was spicy , tangy and very very tasty. Service is good , always ready to serve you with a smile also made good recommendations for the food. Overall, it's a good place to hangout and spend some time over a few drinks. Only suggestion for them is to improve on cocktails.
Rated The main USP of this lounge is powai lake facing view. You can sit on rooftop and can enjoy the music as well as view. The best time to visit this place is early evening when sun is about to set. U can get a very refreshing view of the lake. Well it seem more refreshing over booze. Nice place to hangout in evening especially Sunday evening.
Rated I only come here for the special offers on alcohol - Wednesdays there's free vodka for the ladies. And for its location - opposite the beautiful Powai Lake. The ambience is quite nice and so is the music though predominantly Bollywood. I love the view when the shutters are not down. But I really dislike the crowd - I wouldn't recommend this place for women unless you stay well and sober. I don't like the service much either. I stopped coming here after encountering one unpleasant guest in the smoking area. But yeah, it's worth an occasional visit. And prices are on the high side - not really worth it for the food. trailstainedfingers.com
Rated I have been to this place several times even when initially it was named Rude Lounge, though it isn't really spacious it's a good place to chill over a round of drinks, ambience is quite shady & not really that great but it's the staff that's outright cordial & nice, their service is a bit slow but that's okay. Overall I would recommend visiting this place once as it is not really heavy on the pockets & is easy to locate too.
Rated nice ambiance and cool music but the food is tasteless . daily offers on booze though. service is good and nice place to hangout with your gang. PS: dont you ever give ur number at the entrance they will spam you daily with SMS which is very annoying.
Rated The view is amazing. The complementary on tequila was worth. Specially one the fire shots. 🙈 The waiters hardly come up and ask for your orders. Often calling them thrice the attend. The bartenders are cooperative. And food is okay.
Rated Hey, it takes all kinds for this world to spin. This joint is smack on the main road with very very loud music and good service. The former is a put off personally. The food deserves a mention since its good. I prefer sitting on the rooftop space. Check it out if in the area.
Rated This one's located just opposite Powai lake near Shipping Corporation. When we visited we were quite a big group so we were given a table on the first floor. The ambience, music was amazing but the food was okay
Rated What a place for a sports freak! Though this place has been there for years, never got a chance to go there. I was here for a birthday party. We had 3-4 cricket pitches booked for few hours. It is really good fun to play the bowling machine which imitates the bowling of greats like Warne, Kumble, Lee, etc. There are many other things to do especially for kids. One can easily spend few hours here and not get bored. The food is decent and could be better but with all the games and things to do, food doesn't matter as much.
Rated You get really hungry after a good game. Trust me ..and after that some beer and food is all your looking for ..the chicken here that I tasted was soo well cooked and so tender that it's almost unbelievable..and the sandwiches are huge and satisfying
Rated Had the express lunch at smash which is very value for money . I had the Indian combo of butter chicken ad roomali roti which was delicious . Loved the lemonade and the ice cream too . Special mention to the barbeque fries they serve .
Rated We got to enjoy like kids all over again. My friend won a game and we got a free drink.. it was so good and refreshing that we called for two more.. the trampoline was also great fun, i sprained my hand and my friend sprained her wrist but it was worth it.. my friend who weigh 110 kgs was also allowed on the trampoline.. really good place
Rated First experience to such a place in Mumbai. Heard quite a lot about this place. If you are planning to visit this place be sure of spending at least 2000 INR including games and food. Must play the virtual Cricket. Amazing experience. Vertigo was good too. Although going here for some match screening is not a great idea I would reckon. Well in my case it was T20 WC semi final. 2500 cover charge and minimum 6 people and that too booking shut 2 hours before the match was not fair. So we had to change our plan at the last minute. Go karting is must try along with virtual Cricket. PS: Book the games in advance to avoid looooong hours of wait upto 3 hours.
Rated With the Ipl season coming up, Smaash is the ideal place to go test your cricket skills, and also treat your tasting buds to some delicious food! Their Sloppy Joe burger is out of the world! So delicious and so huge, it's worth every penny! I tried their lemonade and watermelon mock tail as well, both fantastic. I was really impressed to see that the waiter took special care to check if fresh coconut water was available for the watermelon mock tail. Thumbs up to this place! For more detailed reviews, so follow me @eatbeforeyoueat on Instagram !
Rated Located in kamla mill compound, very unique & decent concept here, u get food ,fun, games together in under one roof, i love to eat here continental food with lots of sports activities, full of entertaining spot for family & friend, there r everything for everyone
Rated The ambience is excellent indoors and outdoors specially for children to spend time with games. The food is decent by means of taste and slightly over priced for the quantity served. Ordered for a barbecue French fries which was not so great rather have normal fries, onion rings were excellent in taste. The Nutella banana milkshake was a good refreshment but no so thick a shake you would expect it to be. In all a decent place for bitings and chilling.
Rated Better known for their entertainment facilities, their food facility is not in sync with the expectations - however minimal the expectations might be. The games are very good - very engaging - and the highlight is their cricket session. Apart from the usual arcade games and similar options, the virtual games are noteworthy - let's say they're a must try. And, like I said earlier, the cricket game is very cool. It's a simulator experience with international players bowling to you on selected levels of your competence (they offer pads, helmets, groin guards et all). However, some of the senior staff needs to get their customer service skills in order and communicate more politely with guests here. Kudos to the junior staff who are very hospitable and good with kids. And for the food, don't bother. Our experience - poor quality and really delayed service. The hot dog was small and the sausage was shriveling up. Guess it shrunk on hearing 'hot'. The chicken burger must've been 20+ mins in the making coz the chef was plucking the bird to begin. I guess this gives you the picture coz going on about what else we ordered will only add lines for the same sentiment.
Rated One of the nicest cafes in Thane. Had a gr8 time. I don't drink so didn't approach the bar but the bar setup and even the ambience is very cool! The food & service was good. Pricing is also fine. It's a good hangout option to spend a evening with ur friends.
Rated Nice place to visit after sun is down. They go really good and friendly staffs, The place is nice to enjoy the evening breeze and enjoy some outdoor experience. The wide screen entertainment is good and the price is affordable.
Rated I loved the place. Ambience 5/5. Food as to whatever we ordered was up to the mark. The quantity was pretty good as well. Wedges literally overflow. That's the quantity. Amazing. Quite a new menu! Happy hours don't disappoint you. Neither do the cocktails. The LIT is pretty strong too. Music is 5/5 as well. Location is great too! Over all, MUST VISIT. And a real great concept for thane. It's a nice place.
Rated Awesome is the word which comes to mind when we talk about the roadhouse friendly staff,great offers,awesome food,great music what can one ask more texas fries a must have.
Rated Compared to Thane standards of resto bars this one is pretty good. They had happy hours written in the zomato menu but due to some holiday they denied us the offer. Ambience is nice. Okayiesh place.
Rated We went there on a week day and still it was packed with people... The staff is very hospitable and provided us with great recommendation.... Their recommendations were volcano paneer which was the most soft paneer glazed in the perfect amount of sauce and cosmopolitan, which are classic n were good too... We also ordered pink tango pasta, cheese nachos... And mojitos... Everything was really tasty and the service was great... N they rarely get family diners.. They really do pamper family diners
Rated Perfect for a hang out with friends. Awsome ambience and music makes it more interesting. Service is decent and food is good. Would love to see some variation in the menu though. Overall good experience.
Rated Full group get to gather... Decided to have a blast. Searched for a place near by and thought of experiencing it. Good place to visit when it comes to music, food and a little shake of leg. The place was empty for a Saturday night may be because of the location. Lets start with food 1. Food 5/5 to be honest my first priority always is food to visit a place and everything ordered was extremely tasty. Happy on that part. Ordered tandoori tacos and was cooked to perfection. The wrap was nice. Second thing we ordered was Mexican sizzler . It was hot , food felt fresh, good amount of veggies, mashed potato, chicken gravy was again tasty. Third order was veg pizza. It was also very nice good amount of cheese and veggies. 2. Ambience 5/5 place is nicely setup for dance .. Seats are good. 3 Staff service 5/5 very helpful. 4. Value for money5/5 not expensive for quality of food. Location 3/5 location of place is not which I like a empty mall near lodha. Little hard to locate and crowd is no where to seen.
Rated Went there with my friends this Saturday! Food quality and quantity was okay Ambience really good Alcohol is good just needs to add variety in pitchers because only fosters is available and no other brand We did enjoy a lot as the music was good Those who like loud music should really visit this place And the place was happening as it was a weekend Almost everyone present there was dancing and having a good time But the service was real slow because of the huge crowd So they need to do some improvements But all in all a decent place to hangout with your friends in Thane Good and courteous staff Must visit 👍🏻 P.S - They've happy hours too
Rated Today i went to this restro first they were too good in services giving food taste and quantity now from last few months this branch is totally down not good in quantity not good in serving are you people think that those who are coming r mad or nuts not keeping record of food quantity and quality i will never suggest this branch to anyone or i m coming this was my last visit to this place very disgusting experience today ever since from last 7 years of this branch
Rated The usual stuff we expect from a bar and lounge. We all usually came here for Beer towers and years have passed and we still come here for beer towers. Nothing good or bad about the place as such. This place is like one of the friend from our friend circle. Love the place and we will keep visiting it more often than not since we're getting old and beer is what we crave!!
Rated Short review** Known for :- Cheap booze with good appetizers and music ! What I like :- Decent quality and taste Try chilli prawns or spicy basa peri peri They do a decent job with sizzlers too ! Special mention :- Service can be slow ....pitchers are always a good option !!!! Parking :- Difficult **Short reviews are for places which have been there for a while and need no introduction! My detailed reviews of newly opened and legendary restaurants will continue.... anandtiwari.in
Rated One can never go wrong with Pop Tate's . Cheap Booze, great food, Nice place with good wibes, fantastic service and great ambience. We are all well familiar with poptates and yes their Happy Hours, at this price anyone will feel like drinking happily.. travellersdeliciouslife.blogspot.com
Rated Good Food At Reasonable Rate. The ambience is subtle. Went here for dinner and t'was moderately crowded. Mozzarella Cheese Garlic Bread & Wild Pepper Paneer was amazing. Buffalo Wings, BBQ Paneer Pizza & The Sizzling Brownie are insane. Lasagne & The Apple Pie didn't please my taste buds. The Grilled Paneer Tikka Sizzler was fairly good. Place is great so is the service.
Rated Came on Monday, and it was absolutely super.. my friend had her bday and the best part about it was that it was happy hours. Amazing deals on the booze, food is decent.. and over all its moderately priced too.. My only concern is the seats, it's was very very uncomfortable. Their server is attentive, there was a waiter almost every time v need him. A good place for economical parties and hangouts.
Rated This place is a complete chillout and wont hurt your wallets and pockets for sure. Kickass music, ambiemce is good food is perfect. Also the happy hours have crazy choices for you. Tried fruit punch which was perfectly made chilled and thick, potato wadges were average, lasagnee was lipsmacking, pizzas are crazy here, pasta is deadly, garlic bread here is my fav n best so far. Sizzlers are good but could have been better if they serve exotic vegetables instead of the normal ones. Overall experience- 4.5/5 Taste-5/5 Music- 4/5
Rated Nice place to hangout post drilling working hours or on weekend....Been here on a Sunday afternoon for late lunch.....The Draught Beer served was flat even though they replaced it but still wasn't the usual. Food was good, ordered Pizza which was soft though crunchy with lot of toppings and cheese as well as the panner sizzler was also good with mashed potato filled in a capsicum which I really enjoyed. Overall a nice place to hangout with friends. PS - They have some great Happy Hours Offers.
Rated Had dinner with my friend and celebrated her birthday in a royal manner . They play beautifull music for birthdays n allow me to plan for d birthday on the call. Ambience is very good but food is nt so good.
Rated This place was recommended by many of my friends and I was planning to visit for some time and finally made a plan for Monday night..because of a weekday there wasn't much rush and music was also not very loud. They were playing opulent English sons which kind of helped in setting the mood for the evening. We ordered some Sliders, Tuna salad and chicken salad with drinks..salads were very good and regular finger food was the usual.. Not very loud and appreciate the service. Go there with reservation to get a good table and enjoy without any worries
Rated I had heard quite alot about this place and finally got the chance of being there the ambience is superb and it was a jam pack, we had to wait for almost 30 mins inspite having a reservation but it was worth the wait watermelon feta was real nice also onion rissoto and. Alpino mini burger was good The music was decent . I loved the background with Spiderman and batman playing cards and they must chairs for the outside tables as well
Rated Decent place- nothing out of ordinary- seems like a regular restaurant with some additional cocktails thrown in to the Menu. Food is good and service ok. Couldn't find a reason as to why one should choose Good wife over any other restaurant in the vicinity.
Rated Everything is perfect about this place. Amazing ambience, fabulous food, excellent service n relaxed atmosphere after a cruel day. Had lamb Sliders.. Simply the best I have ever had. Amazing flavour and texture. Melt in mouth lamb with extra crispy fries. Charmula Marinated Rawas was fabulous too. Hot from the over and bursting with flavours. Haven't yet had a better Rawas. Mustard sauce needs a special mention. The most amazing mustard sauce, pungent and slightly sweetish. Just fantastic!! Excellent selection of single malts. Tried Patron tequila. Fantastic drink. A must visit place
Rated The good wife is a simple and elegant place , hubbys can take there good wifes here and make them feel special or for anyone the good wife will give good food on , four cheese macaroni, chicken to lamb chops , but the cheesecake was the best .
Rated A nice place with decent crowds..food was presented very well and tasted very good too! the choice of liquor was abundant and service was warm..
Rated First of all the name itself steals the show followed by everything else. Not a big place, but nicely done interiors make an impression. It serves a wide array of food & drinks which is guaranteed to satisfy your taste buds. Service is quick & staff is friendly. One will enjoy most here in a group of friends. Very busy even in weekdays, so reservation is advisable.
Rated BKC is getting bigger and better in terms of culinary delights. Good wife is one among them. Amazing ambience and equally good food. We tried the stuffed ravioli which tasted just awesome. The risotto was perfect just as per international standards. Great food with great ambience worth visiting again and again.
Rated Light hearted, flavored, mouthwatering Italian cuisine. They have a flat 3 course menu; however there is a wide list of dishes to choose from in the menu. Don’t let the giant wall cartoon/doodle dazzle you. The food is amazingly Italian and justifies for every buck you pay. The food is light on the spices, marinated and cooked with authentic Italian herbs and served piping hot. I ordered the duck and it was cooked to perfection – the skin was crispy, flesh literally fell off the bones. The best part – this is one of the very few places who serves desert on a warm plate – the perfect warm plate that cuts the chill of the ice-cream and not make your teeth shiver. Go there for a lazy weekend lunch, go there for a date, take the entire family; its perfect ambiance has a lot to offer than only delicious food.
Rated Nice place in BKC to hang out with someone. Music is nice, service quality is good, food is also descent, good crowd and it also screens cricket matches. Worth giving it atleast one try..
Rated Nice place to visit with friends when you are looking for some party. Good crowd, nice ambiance, all kind of drinks, food is also good. And yes, nice DJ. Bit Costly. Recommended: only for parties, not for formal meetings.
Rated Well this review was long over due. Tap, Andheri, at first was a simple small economical place. But as history always suggests, give someone little power and watch how things go wrong. From condescending waiters, to weirdly made menu cards, to unavailability of basic items, Tap has set the bar on an all new low. Yesterday, I had the pleasure of walking out of the place for the second time! I called for a Foster's pitcher, they did not have it, I called for a Foster's mug, they did not have it, I called for a Kingfisher.. You get the drift. The waiter had the nerve to tell me that - "Sir just for you to know..in the future please note that we have only Bira pitcher on weekend." All this when the menu card has all the listed beers. We eventually left, of course and when to Hummus Bar near mega mall. There we were greeted with a smile, got a great table, recognisable music and had an amazing experience. Not only will I never go back to Tap, I would strongly recommend you do not too.
Rated Crazy place. Amazing crowd. Spacious. Good segregation of space. A really nice dance floor. Service is also particularly good. My weekend beer destination. Especially for match screenings and parties.
Rated This place has cool concept of time based rates in the menu,which is something cool.so u don't rush for happy hours at this place.reasonably priced drinks served here.but you don't get any bitings with it,neither complimentary neither over the menu,which was a bit disappointing. Just because they don't have much food variety to offer. Ordered for an pizza,which was a small size with big price for four people.we went with the continental platter which was interesting and with good variety. Again the mix veg in hunan sauce was quite good alongside fried rice. All said and done,good place to hangout with friends but food wise not great as there are too many options in the vicinity to explore and decide. One time go for me.no second thought about it,as I would definitely try other outlets nearby.
Rated Had an amazing friday here. Musics were soo amazing and original! Totally enjoyed it amd the food was amazing! There wasnt much crowd so enjoyed a lot. Gonna keep coming!
Rated This outlet is way batter than the Bandra outlet. The ambience and service are far better compared to the outlet located at Bandra. We ordered the Long Island Beach Party cocktail which has a perfect balance of alcohol and flavours. Along with that we had the Lemon thyme chicken and Fish fingers with fries. The fish fingers we're cooled perfectly and was delicious. My visit over here was wonderful and a rating of 4 is what this outlet gets.
Rated Cool place if you want to spend time with your buddies. They have inside seating AC, non AC, dance floor, everything a typical sports bar will have. High service charge again like any other sports bar.
Rated My friends and I had been here last Tuesday and we had a wonderful time. There is not only an amazing vibe to this place but also their kitchen and bar does an awesome job. I have about 300 reviews under my profile, but this is one of the very few places which served me the best long island iced tea I have ever experienced! We tried their classic long island as well as the Tap Special. Both were remarkable! To go with our drinks, my friends tried their sea-food platter twice which they said was particularly very good and I tried their mozzarella filled mushrooms Rellenos and their Pizza Ala Polo which we customized with extra mushrooms. Both of these were totally yum! Everything we ate and drank was no doubt flawless. This and in the union with the right music, we had the best evening ever that day. Pros: Great food, well mixed cocktails (please don’t let anyone down, you guys are too good), wide menu options, excellent décor, good music, acceptable service time, friendly staff. Tip – Daytime or noon is probably the wrong time to understand the atmosphere of the place. Recommended – Evening catchups, celebrations!
Rated Went here with my friend a few days ago in the afternoon. The place was almost empty. The ambiance and setting is really attractive and apart from food and dance it also has some games such as pool and ice hockey. The seating is pretty spaced out and comfortable. Overall ambience is also good. I personally didn't find the food particularly amazing but it was decent. Didn't match up to my expectations. But I definitely can't call it bad. The staff could be more friendly and welcoming. All in all not a bad place to spend an ebbing
Rated The DJ is amazing music is awesome ..ambience and music is just perfect to have a good celebration about something. We tried Non Veg Platter, Lemon Lyme Chicken, Tandoori Mushroom, Prawns Habanero Chilly, Chicken Fried Rice and Paneer Chilli. Of the . service is quite good. but overall experience is good..and Prawns Habanero were good
Rated Located At The Plush Viviana Mall In Thane, I Had Been Planning A Visit Here Since Quite Some Time. Finally The Day Did Arrive And I Visited The British Brewing Company. The Ambience Setup Was Good. Soothing And Calm House Music. Good Spot For Weekend Parties. Food Was Splendid. I Had The Barbecue Chicken Satay & The Basil Pesto Chicken Pasta Which Were Both Equally Delicious. Their Service Was Top Notch, Something Very Quaint In Today's World. I'd Recommend This Place As A Must Visit.
Rated This is i believe the only non shady nice binge drinking place at thane. To top it all this is situated exactly in the middle of thane .Been here quite a few number of times and wont mind visiting again
Rated Ammaizing ambience+ Good starters+ Beer Beer Beer... +points: +really good service +music +beer was just splendid +taste of the fries and chicken wings was just wow -points: -NO smoking zone!! :( -pizza was OKayish! :/
Rated Cool place if you want to just hang around and catch a drink or two. The food is very very average. There's nothing I found exceptional about the food. One interesting thing about ordering is that you have to select your menu through Ipad which they provide. Therefore no hassle of calling and waiting for the waiter during peak hours. My verdict: Ambience :4.5/5 Food: 2/5
Rated Decent place for a hangout with friends. Yays: Food is yummy. Electronic food ordering menu! Small joys. Nays: Even though its a brewery there are very few options for beer available. The service was veryyyyy slow.
Rated Great place to kick back and watch a match probably !! Fish and chips 💗 Food is pretty decent.. Very well sorted menu with a variety of drinks to choose from.
Rated My 1st experiance with them was not that good and hence probably my rating is at dis low. We ordered a started n pizza n something to drink. We were waiting for the order to arrive. The drinks came in however the food was nt reaching then finally after waiting for almost half an hour I finally gave up n askd him wht r they upto n den the attendant said that the chef has missed our order n wanted to know wht needs to be done further! I was like wtf!! I mean it's ok if u missed it I might hv nt done a fuss abt it bt u guys r informing me post I inquired dat was ridiculous bt I being a good customer askd them to give my order and then ate peacefully however didn't enjoyed it much bcoz of dis episode! I kno it was one of case bt the food was just okish so even it cudnt cover up wht had happened!!
Rated Located in the best area of the Viviana mall thane, this place welcomes you with the warm rustic wooden interior and the smell of freshly brewed beer. This place have many things to offer. The menu is far more beyond. This thing thus make you in a confused state of mind what to order. Try their in house beer very malty taste to it. Best to be enjoyed in Hot summer days. Try the pizza, sizzlers and yes dont forget to have their dessert, specially their Red velvet cake.
Rated Right so here I go on the evening of an India vs Pakistan match with my friend for having a drink or 2...to our surprise we get a table in the corner...they had an offer of 3+1 on Carlsberg which served the purpose for me and my friend. We called for a Barbecue Chicken Satay which was okayish. Then we called for a Chicken Caesar Salad which was out of this world. Me and my friend liked it so much that she suggested me to call for one more which I did. We also ordered for a Chicken Chipotle Pizza which was hugeeeeee...taste was again okay. But the ambience of this place would definitely win your hearts. It reminds me a lottttt of Irish House. The service is extremely good. A special mention to their staff that are extremely willing to serve you. We enjoyed our time at the BBC...loveeeed it.
Rated Another popular one on the Colaba section. Head here for some tap beer and chicken cutlets to compliment. A bit crowded and tacky most of the times but that's fine right until n unless you're served well.
Rated Nothing like Mondes to unwind after a long day. Great ambiance, friendly staff. The only thing I don't understand is why people come with little children, don't think it's that kind of place. Try the cheese balls - yummy! Avoid the mushrooms in garlic sauce starter, not too good
Rated It's always so perfect. What to say. Lovely jukebox. Play your favourite music , beer & fish & chips. What more can you ask. We tried the chilli cheese toast as well was also very nice. Amazing time.
Rated This place needs no review/rating. It is that great. The food is good and well what's most attractive about this place is the ambience. It's crazy how closely the tables are set but you can always strike up a conversation with the fellow guests and have a good time. The music is so very good too. Perfect place in the perfect location.
Rated Loved the ambience, environment and music... very nice place to just relax or chill... However I did not enjoy food that much hence rating of 4 and not 5
Rated The place was just like it was described to me by my friends. :) Great friendly interiors, with Mario Miranda's murals painted all over the walls! Their jukebox is amazing too! Food quantity: MINDBLOWING. :D Quality: Great! Value for money: 3.5/5 I tried their All Time Meal. Picture attached. :)
Rated I FINALLY got to go to this place after years of being in Mumbai. I've been told a million times that this place is amazing. Went here for Sunday brekkie. They have a great variety of morning food. Firstly, I have to mention that the staff is REALLY great. I got all excited seeing the menu I changed my mind about 3 times and asked umpteen questions and the guy still had a smile on his face and a laugh all the way. Assisted us quite well. Great job !!! We had the Monds special (a few fried eggs for everyone else and scrambled for me). Great eggs and great sausages in it - with a bit of fries and a great fresh glass of OJ. All inclusive ofcourse. I think their sausages are chicken though and it would be amazing if they were to use pork instead. *** A LIL POINTER FOR THE MANAGEMENT - READ THE ABOVE LAST LINE *** Someone else ordered a plate of French toast - I tried it and it wasn't all that sweet but he thoroughly enjoyed it. I ordered a side plate of 2 pieces of ham and 2 pieces of bacon (it states that they will only give you 4 of one sort of meat but you can convince them to make it half-n-half). They also have an extensive variety of Beef (sadly it's water buffalo - like everything else in this country) but it all seemed quite tempting (atleast on the menu). There is something called the American mixed grill which includes beef, eggs, sausages, ham, bacon --- MY GOD !!!! THAT SOUNDS RIDICULOUSLY GOOD!! Will definitely be coming back here again and again and need to try the American Mix Grill. Incase anyone else already has, please do let me know about it. I think this place is DEFINITELY better than a place that may serve similar food: like Leopolds (cost, quantity, variety, friendlier staff, quality) !!
Rated Been there many times with friends. Special visits during new year nights. Amazing place, good ambience and a perfect place to run away from hussle of Mumbai life but there also you will experience crowd but seriously cool place to hang around. A must visit if you are visiting mumbai.
Rated Lovely hangout.. to the point.. no frills.. good food.. good drinks.. good music and great atmosphere !! Whether you go with your friends or family the place caters perfectly to your needs. The tad cramped in some corners this old-world pub is always buzzing with energy and a lot of positivity. Don't try too much of a variety in food.. stick to what you like.. they will do justice. Price point is also very good and is well connected. Last but not the least the Mario Miranda wall paintings is a feather in the cap and truly brings out the spirit of the place. A must visit for all Mumbaikars
Rated Amazing place and always crowded. I have visited this place multiple times and always loved the environment to hang out with friends. Thought there are very less options for veggies but all options available in veg are worth trying and you will never be disappointed. We also tried seating outside if it's too crowded inside and it's great experience with good and fresh breeze
Rated Awesome brewpub ambience. Quite a range of beer options- Tried Fallen angel which was choco flavoured, dark & interesting twist. Bombay blonde was light & great. Flying pig, another light one which came with an orange peel & was pretty good. Standard french fries came crispy in a big tray with a choice of 3 dips- surprisingly remained crisp too!! Tried the Chicken sliders- cute little fellows mildy spiced with yummy minced chicken flavor. Great place to spend a Saturday evening -interesting choice of beers & good music.
Rated Last Saturday went for litmus festival held at todi Mills and ended up watching the screening of Placebo at this pub.. Its quiet amazing place.. Still left to taste food and drinks.. But the place is cool enough to hang out ones.. Anyways.. There are lot more options inside todi Mills if u don't find this cool enough.. One can easily hop to hoppipola or blue frog right opposite ;p
Rated The place was buzzing on a Thursday night. Good music decent crowd...and they brew their own beer! We ordered thin crust pizza, red chilli paneer, nachos and some drinks. Red chilli paneer tasted absolutely raw with its chilly marination not cooked at all. The chef came out and was kind enough to accept and replaced the dish. We ordered nachos which was the expensive version of desi sev puri. The chutney and sweet sauce tasted exactly like local chaat vendor. What I liked was thin crust pizza. It was just cooked to perfection with herbs and right amount of veggies. May visit next time on a weekend.
Rated This is first place in mumbai to started microbrewary & hand crafted beer and famous for it, pizza & starter was so nice, little crowded place, good for visit wid friends, ambitious was amazing , but staff was very rude
Rated If you at a brewery then you ought to start your meal with a brewed beer and that's what I did. Ordered for the Flying Pig Belgian Wit as recommended. And it was light, fresh and refreshing as per my taste. And not to forget with a slight tinge of tanginess due to the lime. Food was a chicken caeser salad which was good. What I absolutely loved and is a sure recommendation is the butter garlic drunken prawns. It was just awesome. Big fresh prawns with the right blend of garlic and butter. The Fusilli carbonara pasta was good enough too, though the portion size can surely be better. The pineapple tart was strictly okay. Overall, a good experience.
Rated Visited here with my team mates. A lovely place to be. Not too loud and not too dull. Its a good balance! Started with the "Take a Flight" where you get 6 different beers to try out! Drinks option are great out here. They can customize your drink the way you like it!! Food was also decent. Had the: -Chicken in basket -Harissa Chicken Skewers -Texas Roasted Chicken -Chicken Sliders My rating would be like: Food - 4/5 Service - 4/5 Ambience - 4.5/5 One more thing to mention- the loos have framed newspapers which are of the current date. So you can read today's news while you take a leak (men's room)!
Rated It'll make a largish hole in your pocket but it's worth it. How many good brewpubs does Mumbai have after all? I love the ambience - understated yet posh. There's muted music - perfect for a good conversation. All their in-house brewed beers are really delicious but I haven't had a chance to delve too deep into the food menu. Perhaps on a future visit! trailstainedfingers.com
Rated Went on a Friday night to catchup with old friends. Ordered their Honey brewed beer- which was quite decent. We started with Nachos which we didn't like hence decided not to order dinner here... Otherwise a decent ambiance but extremely noisy and somewhat crowded place
Rated Fish And Chips🍴 Spectacularly sized Golden brown fried Fish Fillet served with creamiest tartar sauce and fries. Best place and amazing ambience
Rated Nyc place have a quick drink nearby business hub. Cool ambiance,good music and quick service . Must try chef special nachos..!!! Njoy happy hours after 10.30 PM ;-)
Rated New year has few new things Place is quiet at mornings...few person more privacy... More Talkings If you up for only snacks and your bae's stomach is small... Fish and chips is a very good option Chicken fingers are tasty If you wanna try mocktail...virgin mojhito gives a perfect tang and if you down for some alcohol and if you want to be sober afterwards then you should try the cocktails list...blue shark I have tried and it's awosome Go casual...spend some time...service is nice...kids gets free balloon... Cool place to hang out
Rated Visit: 2nd of April 2016 Visited in the noon with friends. Have been to TGIF outlet which is there in RCITY Ghatkopar and experience was great, and was expecting the same from this outlet. Ambience is good, music playing was also nice. When it comes to food, we had ordered Olive, mushroom, caper and jalapeño pasta in White sauce and one veg platter (forgot the name) Both the dishes were good. P.S: Keeping this short because my main concern about writing this review is service. STAFF and Service: Noone was there at first place to get the order. It almost took 25 mins to get the order (only two dishes) on our table. P.S. I am glad that it tasted good otherwise -_- We had to ask for the bill thrice and we waited to get the bill for 30 whole mins (later excuse given to us was "System got Hang"). When asked for the suggestion book, the person attending us actually tried to dodge that. And this was the time when I really wanted to get this thing to management and I actually asked thrice for the suggestion book (third time had to ask harshly - sorry for that but you guys left me no choice). Suggestion book came 'along with' manager, and also with the apology face. Asked us to cover it up with complementary dessert which we denied. Note: There was a white guy sitting next to our table asked for the water after he was done with his meal, no one bothered to get him that as bill was paid. He waited for 10 mins and later left without having water. Guys, what are you doing? I am mentioning above incident because this is not the way u treat your customers. It's like you are ruining 'OUR' name. My point is if you guys are charging 500 bucks for service tax, service charges then at least give proper service to the customer. If we pay then we expect us to be treated properly. This is not acceptable at all. Keeping rating to 3 just because of food and ambience.. Am giving staff and Service rating as ZERO.
Rated One of the places that we all have been visiting since forever.. Writing about them now only after i discovered how good are they at their burgers. Their mushroom chicken burger is absolutely amazing. Must try.
Rated Pre bdy celebration here was a surprise by a frnd. The ambience is soooo good.. the staff is v.frndly and service is great. Thankyou to the guy who took our order for advising us not to call for nachos and the veg platter since the quantity is too much. We really wouldnt be able finish it! Since we were just two of us and the quantity being too much we could just order for a vegetarian platter wch has three diffrnt vatrieties of cheezy stuff served with three dips. The menu has those name😉 we orderd for a clasic malt cake with a scoop of vanilla icecream which was just soo delicious though hard to finish coz of the quantity of the platter and a glass of fresh lemonade! Going here soon again to try out the non veg stuff and with an empty stomach!
Rated One of the first bar-cum-restaurants that I visited, and this TGIF outlet made sure that it became a habit. Loved the ambience here, and is a pretty chill-out place even with a big group of friends. It's been many years since I visited here but I remember the food was lipsmacking. Keep calm and go to TGIF!
Rated Doolally Taproom is an incredibly fun place to sit and have a beer! This pet friendly bar, is super chill, with virtually no dress code like other annoying bars, and has an array of games at your disposal. We loved playing jenga whilst sipping beer. Definitely ask your server for the beer recos. With respect to the food, we tried the house fries which come with a bunch of yummy dips, and the chicken burger with wasabi, which was delicious.
Rated Only one sentence is required to describe this place- THE BEST BEER IN TOWN! The perfect brews handcrafted with excellence. Beer lovers should definitely visit both the outlets. Hope they come up with an outlet near me and I would visit everyday!! They show all the other micro breweries how it's supposed to be done. The staff is also amazing very very courteous. Thank you Doolally for coming to Mumbai!!
Rated Delicious and mouth watering beer!!! And I am not even a beer fan. Beautiful ambience, courteous staff and different choices in beer. I was kind of reluctant to try this place as I don't drink beer but good thing that I did. They got some 6-7 types of bitter and sweet tasting beer and depending on what you like you can order. Their brewery definitely makes fine beer. Excellent place to chill.
Rated Nice place to chill with friends, play games, have beer (if you really enjoy it). The house fries are really good. The good part about this place is that when we went (a group of 4) at 8pm, it wasn't noisy; it was pretty calm and a cosy feeling - People were having beer and playing games and having fun. No drunk cases, no drama.
Rated A place to chill, sip different craft beers, chit-chat n play some games... The ambience is laid back and somehow gives u a feel of a beach shack on weekend... The food is good and they have beer on d tap to let you spend a couple of hours without any effort... We were a group of 3 and managed to try all the beers on the menu.. Their seasonal one is the mango cider... Which was very much like the Apple cider but with a tinge of mango at the very end.... You need to be patient to try out the all the beers and their taste on your pallette... The food is very good... They have a very limited menu but whatever I ordered was up to the mark... The traditional house fries are superb and are thick as wedges with a variety of dips... And it's almost a tradition to order fries with your beer... The veg falafel burger was the best one I hv tasted in d city.... Loved it to the core... Do try it ...
Rated A great place for groups or near n dear ones, who actually want to have a conversation over beer.. Relaxing, comfortable n "Well lit" ambience, which again is missing in most of the places.. Options in food is however limited and can surely improve.. I would say definitely visit the place, n enjoy their brews. Personal favourite- Mango based beer :)
Rated They serve only beer and Virgin Mojito! The place is good but tooo lit up for a good evening. It's nice to see a pet friendly place in the vicinity. What has irked me is that, if they are serving only beers, they better have 50 variety! What they have is a small 10-12 diff kinds of beer. Plus most are very light beer! I would only recommend this place if you wanna try a diff beer. But i would not plan to go there again! Food was good and so was the staff ( hence they have this rating) they lost points on choice, selection and trying a bit too hard to be original! Can give a miss!
Rated I love love love this place for a) their beers b) their chicken burger (add extra bacon) c) their staff. Not only do they have a well lit ambience but also a pretty good service. The beers are nice, they change the beer menu frequently. The house fries are a must!!!! Plenty of games to make sure you are having a good time.
Rated Been to this place first time ever. Am surprised we have such a good place and especially for Beer lovers. I would 100% recommend everyone who loves beer to visit this place without fail. Excellent ambience and courtesy. Keep it up guys.
Rated If you are a pure vegetarian and a non drinker you go only to this place for games and watching others have beer! Just one dish sharing plate that I found apt for a non bean loving person like me. All and all a good place to have some beer with your buddies along with fun board games.
Rated We all know that Bengali Sweets are the best. We all also know that Sweet Bengal makes the best Bengali Sweets in Mumbai. We all also know that they are supremely expensive :D So there, we know everything there is to know about this place :P Having been a fan of Sweet Bengal since forever, I visited this outlet last week on my way to my friend's home as I did not want to go empty handed and sweets make the best gift. This is a really small outlet, actually it is just as small as almost all Sweet Bengal outlets I have been to :D Apart from the regular Rasgulla and Gulab Jamun, they offer many Bengali Sweets that are not generally available elsewhere. Sandesh, Chitrakut, Langcha, Nalen Gurer Kanchagolla, Kheer Kodom are the best of the lot,though nobody will blame you if you get lost in the awesomeness of the sheer variety in the display. Each piece is made with love and care and authentic Bengali recipe so in a sense the expensive price-list is justified. Oh,how could I forget Mishti Dahi! The uncle who mans the counter is very sweet and jovial :) celebratemybeautifullife.blogspot.com
Rated Very well managed sweet shop; limited variety, but great quality and consistency; ry the kheer Kadam, made to perfection; the staff is very helpful; the pricing is at the higher side.
Rated All hail Bengalis for their deserts. Their gur rosogulla Payesh is the best thing on earth. These littles goodies can be piped like its air, melt in the mouth goodness and all made in gur . Their culinary alchemy has made me their fan.
Rated I was born with a sweet tooth and my love for sweets just bought me to the sweet bengal up here in powai. Its in the galleria shop 126; looks like an ordinary sweet shop with bengali sweets displayed beautifully but the names against each one of them were very new to me and i had to try them in order to be convinced i had something worth the visit. I had many of the sweets but the kheer kodam(made using sugar) and the gurer kheer kodam(made using jaggery) are the must haves. Then i had the baked rosogolla which was way too tasty but 50 bucks for a cup having 2 baked rosogollas was a bit on the expensive side. Its a must have for sure!!! Then had the lychee sondesh which was an average rated sweet but has a subtle flavour and for the people who like malai and lychee. I also had a chomchom and a rosmalai and chomchom was not great would avoid and the rosmalai was also not great as the milk was overdone on the heat which bought the smoky flavour to the milk which doesnt taste real good. Its a good place for satisfying the sweet craving for bengali sweets. Which makes me more keen to get to bengal on a food trip soon!!! Would rate kheer kodam and baked rosogolla highly and as a speciality. Do visit this outlet in powai hiranandani u will not regret for sure. Service 5/5 VFM 4/5 Ambience 4/5 Taste 4/5 Only bengali sweets is what u should have other indian sweets are not available. Khaate rahoo!!!
Rated I have been a fan of sweet Bengal ever since.. forever. I love their mouth watering sandesh, komolabhog, kheer kadambo, rabdi, rasmalai, baked rosogolla, ghee samosa, mango pot, kachori, chops... Name it and I've had it, liked it and referred it to others. They've got outlets all over Bombay so if you are looking for quality sweets and snacks and are in the neighbourhood then this is THE place for you!! The east Indian man in the powai outlet is very friendly and likes to make his suggestions :D , there was this once when he seemed really unhappy about being unable to serve me gud ka kheer kadamb as it was exhausted. So a Hi or a gesture of thanks when you enter or before you leave would be nice.
Rated This is surely the best place where you can get Bengali sweets.. They have the original taste of Bengali sweets found in West Bengal.. Misti doi, kheer kodom, rosogulla, goja, sita bhog and they are so many more, you need to try all the sweets..
Rated As the name suggests, quite known fr its Bengali sweets... Roshogulla, Rasmalai, Chomchom and Malai Sandwich are amazing here... Tried Sondesh also and found it good but since had it fr the frst time so dunno whether it did justice to the fame that the sweet carries with it.... Couldn't try mishti doi... But going to try it soon...:-)
Rated The best place for bangali sweets .. Their mishti doi is the best. All milk made sweets are good. Will try kala jamin soon. Tried the gurer rosagulla didnt like it so much.
Rated I've tried few sweets & the famous #MishtiDoi of Sweet Bengal & it's delicious It's the best #MishtiDoi The service is extremely good The staff is quick, knowledgeable & sweet Do visit this place if you're a Bengali sweets lover
Rated This can definitely go as one of the better pubs of R City Mall with decent music and lots of food options. It was an unplanned and impromptu decision to go to this place. Some friends had come down and we were in no mood of travelling far off. As this is a known joint and very near to our place we decided to give it a chance. I must say that over a period of time the food menu has improved but the zing of a bar is missing. The cocktails were also not upto the mark and basic cocktails like Screwdrivers also tasted different. Music is decent and can be better. The place in general badly needs an upgrade / refurbishment. They need to experiment something new and get the bar quotient up. The Loaded Potato Skins and Spicy Chicken Wings are worth a try My overall rating is 3 and the elementwise ratings are as follows Food - 3.5 Drinks - 2.5 Service - 3.5 Ambience - 3.0 Value for Money - 3.0 Overall - 3.0
Rated Simply loved the ambience. Perfect for hang out with friends. Menu is interesting. Food and service is also good. Would love to visit the place again soon. Overall a very good experience.
Rated Nice place. Could be better. Service was slow on a sunday evening. Pasta was undercooked and it was really just milk instead of cheese sauce! Disappointed by that. But otherwise, decent. Should improve on having better lighting and not having so many servers just standing and staring at tables while they eat! Server wasn't even friendly. Wish it could be better.
Rated Decent ambiance and atmosphere but seriously don’t get the hype about this place. The drinks seem too diluted and just filled with ice and the starters are not too great. Their offers and happy hours timing make it a feasible place to go as a group and celebrate a birthday or an anniversary which seems to be the major attracting force here.
Rated After a small lunch at Taco yesterday,my colleagues wanted to try out TGIF too. I had been telling them about its Lower Parel branch and we all thought it would be a good idea to check this one out :) So here we went. Really awesome ambiance. Chic and Disco-ey and very veryyyy cool, charming, young. The ambiance itself gives an idea of the kind of food (and their price) one can encounter here. Staff is cool too, very helpful in selecting dishes as per one's hunger level. We 4 people zeroed down on a vegetarian platter and a plate of nachos. HUGE quantity, HUGE! Value for money that way even though it looks very pricey at one glance. Vegetarian platter had fried mozarella which is killer in taste (the best kind of killer,not literally killer :P). Now my colleagues want to come back again to taste the pastas, pizzas and burgers here. Oh they also have some promotional offers going on,like right now they have some pick any dish from the menu at Rs. 77 only offer (I did not pay so I am fuzzy on details but my colleague who actually paid was very happy :D) All in all, a cool place to be visited for chilling with friends :) celebratemybeautifullife.blogspot.com
Rated You get a retro, chic vibe the moment you enter this restaurant. Elvis Presley welcomes you with his guitar, you can possibly take the bowling pins or hockey sticks off its wall and play (I don't think you can), and it's a place where you can tell people "I'll be in my booth". It's classy and retro all the way. Their menu is the friendliest of all. It says "every dish from the kitchen and every drink from our bartender is only our way to thank you for coming here with your friends." Now, isn't that beautiful. All said and done. We tried their new Rs.77 menu where you can buy any item on that particular menu for 77 only. So we had two cocktails, blue shark and California driver which were amazing. We also had onion rings, and veg pizza slices which were good enough. They could've been better. The service is a bit slow but the staff is really cordial. It's a place to spend some quality time.
Rated Located in R city mall, this place brings up so many memories. Love their lunch menu. And who doesn't live happy hours? A great place to chill out.
Rated Awesome place to be with your buddies on weekends. Good music, good food, good service. Thats all we want :) This time we had all veg food...non veg is in the list soon... See you tgif. If you wanna get lost completely from the outer world, this is the place to be. Cheers
Rated I was really happy with the food and the service at TGIF! I had been here earlier and I had a bad experience. We tried the new 77 each menu which was really good. They offer cocktails mocktails and starters at 77 each which is a really good offer. Quick service and amazing ambiance.
Rated You know that you are important when someone diligently takes care of everything for you and that's exactly how I felt after ordering from Pancho's. Their packaging itself speaks volumes on how much thought they have really given to provide us with a wholesome meal. In case you missed it, yes I am impressed by the packaging Pancho's has taken up but that isn't all that I am gonna say here, read on for a bit more. Having tried both the tawa pulav and the pav bhajis, I now consider myself eligible to say something about Pancho's. I have had the Classic veg and Paneer Pav Bhaji. The pavs are really soft that get complimented by subtle and balanced flavours of the bhaji but I am the person who goes hell yeah when the bhaji is super tangy and spicy. No, I am not hating it outright all I am saying is that I liked it but did not love it. The tawa pulav made me go oh yes today. I ordered the variation with the corn bhaji and boy was I happy. The flavours in the pulav were pretty spot on, all the spices really balancing out and the bhaji enhancing the flavours really well. The raita was good but would have been a dream come true if it were cold, I know nothing can be really done about it, just putting in my two cents. I had gulab jamuns in the dessert and I genuinely love them. All in all, the tawa pulao is a true delight but as far as the pav bhaji is concerned I am still biased towards the unhealthy butter loaded tangy version available elsewhere.
Rated Good food and very clean packaging. Have tried their Veg, Cheese, Mushroom and Chicken Pav Bhaji. Tawa Pulao is decent as well. Food is less oily and light + spices aren't overpowering.
Rated Ordered Tuva Pulao with classic veg bhaji n raita. The food was packed clean and proper...the taste was super good... I don't know if it was but did not feel too oily. Hopefully it wasn't oily n keep it healthy. The quantity was perfect for 1 person and made a good dinner.... So it seems I will be ordering quite a bit from you guys when I have craving for rice with a spicy tone....:)).. I request you to continue to keep the cooking clean, non-oily healthy, simple and tasty...
Rated One of our Women Networking Groups on FB from Powai had great reviews on this place often. So, when we were in mood to have some nice Pav Bhaji, and not happy with previous experiences, decided to try this. . Restaurant: Pancho's Pav BhajiLocation: Hiranandani, PowaiMode: Home DeliveryOrders: One Veg Pav Bhaji and One Cheese Pav Bhaji, two extra PavsCost: Rs 220/- ... Read full post on acemat.blogspot.com
Rated Neatly packed pav -bhaji .Satisfies that pav bhaji vala hunger . Little bit costly but affordable. On time delivery . Less oily bhaji served.
Rated Have tried their innovative Pav Bhaji twice now. Both the times, it was good but it never made me go- Awesome! I ascribe this to the fact not that it's a new concept, but rather the Bhaji Base itself. While the innovation is good, but the base Bhaji is not that good. A Pav bhaji is one of those dishes that make me go orgasmic with loaded butter Pav and that tangy, spicy and amazing bhaji. Coming to the innovative part - adding egg, soya, paneer and so on to your Bhaji does make it considerably different. I especially liked the egg version where the soft scrambled kinda egg just adds a little silkiness to the Bhaji without overpowering it. I would definitely recommend you to try that. Overall to put it another way, it did not stand out completely, but I would likely order from here again.
Rated Loved the pav bhaji ! The packing was meticulous which was such a delight to see. They had even packed aftermint :) The buns were very soft , and the bhaji itself was delicious. Though the amount of cheese was a little less for a cheese pav bhaji, nevertheless I am looking forward to ordering again.
Rated Nice place to order pav bhaji. A new start-up. They need to give more deskspace to their employees on the call as there is lot of background noise while placing order on the phone. The experience of calling can be improved as they will get most of their orders on calls only.
Rated One of the best places to order Pav Bhajji because of its quality and the way it is packed. It is awesome to eat pancho's Pav bhaji!! Must have!!
Rated Note. You got to reach really early for lunch or dinner if you dont like lining up. This place is always full. I managed to finally get a table inside only after four failed attempts (I don't like the queue). You can of course reserve, which I am top lazy to do. Now, the food! We ordered a whole lot of stuff. From Soup to Paneer Parsi to Paneer bhurji to chicken rahra... The Naan was soft. The Paneer papdi was delightful. The chicken rahra was heavenly. I WANT more!! Even better thing about the place is the service. Quick and polite. Seeing that we had a pregnant company one of waiters provided her with a cushion for comfort. Now that was very impressive.
Rated great food!! good options on the menu, nice ambience, great food! stituated near the offices, difficult to find a table quickly, but the wait is worth it.
Rated Nice ambience.. Good food .. Good service.. I found little innovation in Masala Papad here..But I missed the X factor there which I have been hearing about this place..overall nice experience.
Rated This place has wonderful food and a really good ambience , normally my boyfriend takes me here and I have loved everything about this place. My recommendation is chicken tikka masala with butter naan..so succulent and so delightfully fresh.
Rated Mantra is one of the restaurants that I visit frequently. Its simply a well balanced restaurant in terms of the quality and quantity of food . The ambiance has always been pleasing !
Rated Started off with a typical dish i.e papad which was quite good with the toppings and spice. The Steward recommended to try cheesy ball fillets but it was okay. We ordered stuffed kulcha with paneer kadai and it tasted really good! The stuff kulcha was really tasty and it one piece of bread will fill your stomach! The ambiance is good and service was quick and smooth. Food- 3.5/5 Ambiance- 3.5/5 Quantity- 3.5/5 Quality- 3.5/5 Plating- 3.5/5
Rated Had a Chance to stay over in Powai with college friends. So called for food Mantra!!! Not bad but nothing great. Mutton fried was awesome, tender. Prawns were huge. But my disappointment was that all flavours were of a roadside vendor. Pot rice was good though. Rest was very average. Not worth trying
Rated Good place at the center of the city with decent food, but nothing different or great to make you fall in love with the food. Just like any other restaurant serving Indian and Indo-Chinese food. They have 2 sections, one family and the other lounge. Ambience and service both are good. But the main thing, food, was just like any many regular places. We went for their Oriental dishes and order Kronkay chicken, Kung pao chicken in starters and Chicken hot pot rice in main course. Kronkay chicken sounded fancy but turned out to be similar to the tried n tested crispy chicken. Kung pao chicken was also a commonly available soy sauce, chilli-pepper flavored dish but tasted very good. Pot rice was good in taste as well as the portion. The place was getting crowded n the waiting list was increasing so we were kinda hurried out by the staff, but we could understand their rush. Overall, good place with good portions of fine food. You can give it a try once, but no USP to make you go there again n again.
Rated An excellent place for Indian food. You can try any thing from the menu and rest assured its gonna be gooood. Try any biryanis , breads and chicken gravies . It surely justifies an outing just for food. Go for it.
Rated A bit costly compared to nearby eateries. But the service, food quality and taste is worth it. We go here for special occasions only and it has a wonderful ambience that brighten up the party mood.
Rated Disclaimer: This review is going to be "punny" (no it is not a typo) As is true with any good story, it has to be compelling enough to catch your attention in the first few seconds and also leave a lasting impression in the end. Similarly, the name of this takeaway/order-in place was so appealing that I couldn't just ignore it. I felt an instant connect with this place because even my life's story has a lot of chicken in it (good and bad with a lot of beef in between them) And as every story demands, there is a hero and a villain. And then there are supporting characters too. But The Chicken Story being a multi-starrer, there are several heroes and villains and supporting characters. However, I haven't got a chance to meet all of them yet but I am hoping I will sooner or later. For all those people who are still not able to follow me, let me put this in perspective: Hero (Good Dish) Villain (Bad Dish) Supporting Character (Not bad but could be better) These are a few of them I have met so far (in order of appearance): Old-School Cordon Bleu + Mushroom Ragu + Herbed Mashed Potatoes + Peas: Definitely a Hero (I am guessing, the highest paid one). This was the first time I ever ate this dish and I have tried this dish at one other place (Rockville Deli in Vashi) but it wasn't even close enough. I think this hero even has super powers because it can make you forget all your problems in an instant. Mushroom Ragu & Herbed Mashed Potatoes are its super gadgets. Amritsari Butter Chicken Samosas: Supporting Character. These are the typical patti samosas that you can expect but there was nothing impactful about 'em. This character needs to buck up otherwise it will never get any recognition. Blueberry Banana French Toast Rolls: Hero for sure and a very sweet one for that matter and also knows how to woo someone with its french skills (*wink*). A unique combination of blueberry and banana rolled up in one. BBQ Pulled Chicken Fries: Supporting Character. I loved the taste of the smoky BBQ sauce but the pulled chicken tasted stale and the fries were soggy. It came, played it's part and was off the stage in an instant and maybe no one will remember it. I think maybe sending in the fries separately could do the trick but who knows because the chicken also has to taste fresh after all. The story-writer has to try that out and see it if works. Paaji's Butter Chicken Khichdi + Kachumbar + Assorted Papad Bits: Villian and a nasty one. It tries to win your heart with all the buttery sweet talk and once you finally open up, it will rob you of your 299 bucks. And the minions (the assorted papad bits) had their own evil agenda by dripping oil. Even though The Chicken Story proves to be a bit expensive, it has shown potential and never failed to deliver on time. To be continued....
Rated When i heard this name i thought this would be something to look upto. Being a malayalee, i ordered the kerala platter with paratha, Chicken curry and plantain chips. Firstly i was given some other chips and not that of plantain. 3 half pieces of paratha were given and i felt the portion size was less for a normal person. Paratha was oily too which hardly resemble kerala paratha. But the stealer was the kerala curry. It was perfectly cooked and mouth watering. Since i ordered home delivery, i bought additional rottis from somewhere else to finish off the curry. I would suggest the management to work a little bit more on making kerala paratha and stick to the menu. On the whole you can go for this restaurant, as chicken story will stock some treat for your palette!
Rated Trusted this place to deliver some healthy bites looking at the rating on Zomato. Returned home at 10.30 and the delivery was on time. My order -Sloppy Chicken Pav and Classic Caesar salad with chicken. . They sent me the salad minus the chicken and to top it the salad was disappointing both in terms of quality and and quantity. just a small bowl for 228 bucks-just managed to spoil my day which was any which ways long. The dressing wasn't any good and came in a plastic pouch. Somehow they took a while to understand that the chicken in my salad was missing. The bbq chicken pav was nothing to boast about to. The lady did apologise on the phone and said they will replace the salad with chicken in 10 mins. It's been more than 20 mins now and waiting for the much awaited salad and also to see if they deliver on this count. Go with the usual restaurants in Powai or chandivali when hungry - experiments don't always go the right way.
Rated Interesting, but thats it. An interesting 'chicken only' menu does not mean they are the definitive guys for anything chicken. Heres what I think: butter chicken samosas: Too oily, tasted like poori with butter chicken 3/5 bbq pulled chicken fries : chicken pieces with fries smothered in bbq sauce... uhh.. rather have bbq chicken and french fries seperately 2 / 5 Gangam style wings.. decent stuff.. sweet as promised.. only complaint the cheesy dip with it was way too thin and the quantity of dip way too less. 3/ 5 sloppy bbq chicken pav : this was the only one that was actually review worthy... must have.. 4/5 All in all.. a place u would like to try for sure.
Rated After reading the ecstatic reviews on Zomato and going through their interesting menu, I decided to give this place a shot. My overall experience was not something as excellent as some of the other users, but I am surely going to try some more from here and then decide conclusively. Bacon, Mozzarella and Cheddar stuffed Chicken Wings was, frankly speaking, a little disappointing. The stuffing somehow took away the fun from the wings while being too little to lend a proper, rounded flavor. The wings themselves would have been better without the bacon I reckon. But I am still looking to try their Gangnam-style Wings. 3/5. The Peruvian Roasted Chicken with Grape Jus, Herbed Mash and Peas was a lot better. The chicken was tender, the peppers and onions were tossed in a nice spice mix, and the mashed potato was very good. I really liked the combination and am expecting more from the Butter Chicken Khichdi and the Cordon Bleu in the orders to come. 4/5. PS: Ordered the Asian BBQ Chicken recently, and it was quite good. The extra sauce comes in really handy and the peas-potato mash is good. Overall, a tasty meal with not a lot of calories. Good experience.
Rated Imagine this..it is the middle of the week and you are awaiting the weekend excitement (read FOOD!!) but your stomach does not understand days of the week and the CRAVING beginsss!! Came across this place while looking for food options in powai and boy am i glad i did! The place is delivery only and the best part is that you need not worry about the food loosing its texture while on its way. Somehow, even with a couple of complicated dishes, they are able to conserve the flavours and freshness of the dish in delivery, kudos for that!! Our order was BBQ Pulled chicken fries, cordon bleu and Butter chicken khichdi. The BBQ chicken fries were quite good in terms of flavour, the bbq sauce was YUM! the only thing missing was the crispiness that you expect in a fries dish, maybe if they could add some crispy fries on top or on the side without the sauce, i believe it would do more justice to the name of the dish. The next thing we tried was the cordon bleu and it was DELICIOUS!! From the crispiness of the crumb, even distribution of meat and cheese, garlicky mashed potatoes and the mushroom ragu...everything was PERFECT!!! Absolutely LOVED IT! Next we tried the Butter chicken khichdi, i do not know if the chef is a punjabi but he/ she perfectly captured the way we like to have our butter chicken :P The dish was again quite delicious but it was a little too spicy, so the chilli was actually overpowering the flavour of the dish. What i loved about the place was the quality and the price they are serving it at!! Would definitely order again!OverallFood - 4/5VFM - 4.5/5
Rated I ordered German Chicken Schnitzel and the accompanying items and it was really good (although Schnitzel could have been more salty). The mushroom ragu was heavenly and they should have an option of ordering it as an additional item too (goes well as a dip for potato and corn chips). The long veggies were nicely boiled and grilled to a delicious perfection and liked the crispy french fries too. Will try other items in future.
Rated The Chicken Story is a fairly new, purely delivery kitchen operating in and around Powai. The menu boasts a variety of cuisines including Mexican, Continental and a few Indian regional cuisines. The menu is interesting and the rates are very fairly priced as well. The delivery guy was very courteous. It was nice of him to call and ask for directions when he couldn't locate the building, which helped to get a faster delivery. So, getting down to the food. Here's what my meal comprised of The last thing I tasted but my favorite of all was the 'Vietnamese Shredded Chicken Salad. It was cold and the peanuts enhanced the texture by giving it a nice crunch. The dressing made it even better. The dressings and sauces are packed separately so you can be assured that your dishes are not ruined. The next best thing according to my liking was the Asian BBQ Grilled Chicken. The dish seemed so very presentable in the container itself. The extra barbecue sauce was a nice touch and it went really well with veggies and the mashed potatoes. The Sloppy BBQ Chicken Pav was unique. I liked the slight tanginess to it and the chicken was really tender. This was devoured within seconds. The Kerala Chicken Masala and Malabar Porota were a great match for each other. The porota was perfect and the gravy was as close as can get to authentic South Indian food. The fried banana chips along with it was a nice touch again. The Wings stuffed with Bacon Bits, Mozzarella and Cheddar has been getting a lot of attention lately. I am not a big fan of wings or chicken with skin on but I did have a go at it. It was pretty nice. I would recommend The Chicken Story to anyone in Powai, it is a great delivery service with some lovely food and great prices. thegoodthebadthehungry.blogspot.com
Rated This is a small kiosk situated in Hirananadani Galleria and serves fresh fruit juices.The variety is amazing and they make no compromises with the quality and every penny spent on every drop of juice or milkshake is completely worth it.One must try the mango milkshake which is thick and made with real Alphonso mangoes.Apart from this, the kiwi juice is great fun too. Overall Food(juices) - 4/5 Value for money - 3.5/5
Rated When the sun is hell bent on guzzling away your soul, places like these should become your regular pit-stop in this torturing weather. Located in galleria, the place is always flocked by a lot of patrons but it has no seating arrangement; which is again alright because everything has its own appeal. Quite like it's namesake this place has a huge variety of juices as well as shakes and the best part is that it's freshly made. The place offers heavy milkshakes to herbal juices for the health conscious junta. Do try their heavenly mango shakes; seriously, do not miss out on it! The only downside is the price which is a bit on the higher side but all in all this place is a must visit.
Rated The cream bowl definitely tasted better than it looked. The cream and fruits tasted fresh. But still the price is a little on the higher side but the lack of cream bowl places nearby leaves us with this as the only option. They could do with more quantity of fruits and introducing seasonal varieties and not just a mixed fruit bowl (only mango, only apple etc )
Rated This is one of the best juice centres in Powai I believe They've several kind of juices available & along with that milkshakes, smoothies, etc. are also available Though a price may seem high but trust me it's value for money It's been here since a long time & no one else has come up to it's mark yet Do visit this place Only problem is that they don't have proper place to sit & stand At times it's gets too crowded that you don't even wish to be there
Rated Serves fresh juice. Uses good quality of food to make the juice. Methods for preparation are hygienic. Serves great juice. No arrangement for seating.
Rated I always make sure that I visit this place whenever I went to galleria... Awesome juices and milkshakes.. I personally love the mango milkshakes... Worth it ..
Rated Having visited Galleria millions of times, I make it a point to visit this juice centre and have the Rainbow Special Milkshake. They just serve the best Kiwi+Strawberry juice in Mumbai! The juice has fresh fruits also cut right into it and the fruits they use here are always tasty and nice. This shake is something that you can try and then come again and again to enjoy it!
Rated Visited here today. Ordered Mango Daddy, Mango Mammy and Rainbow Exotic Milkshake. All of them were good. Seen a lot of people ordering herbal juices. Will give it a try next time. They have some funny names for the juices (Darling, Mango Daddy etc...) The quality of fruits seemed good. A place I would visit again...
Rated Have often passed this place and it's always overcrowded with people waiting for their respective orders to be served! Today I was in mood for a mango milkshake and thought of giving this place a chance! N ooh boy it was worth it! Ordered a mango milkshake takeaway.. It was yummy mangooy n they dnt skimp on putting mangoes! It was nice thick with rich flavor! N best part is they make it fresh on the spot! N they had put a lot of cut mango pieces! Satisfied my appetite for mangoes for a while! For Rs 100 I would say it was worth it!
Rated Good place, great coffee and really good Hot chocolate certainly makes your day which Starbucks did .Overall great place and certainly fine on pocket too
Rated Be it a serious discussion with your friends or time pass with your buddies Starbucks has the right ambiance and the right variety of coffee for you !
Rated Starbucks as usual as it has always been. Good place, great coffee and really good pasta and cheese chilly toast!! Cheers to Starbucks for keeping it that way!
Rated One of the most lively starbucks around ! Probably the crowd here makes it so.. If u chilling around hiranandhani gardens in powai wanna enjoy a cup of coffee , uk where to go It's spacious as well and like all other starbucks its awesome !
Rated Starbucks needs no introduction, however this outlet in Powai needs a special mention. This is the first Starbucks I visited in India. Having tasted Starbucks coffees outside of India, the brand had created some high expectations. Everything that is promised is delivered equally in India specially I Powai Starbucks. The service is quick, coffees fresh and served exactly the way they should be and the ambience is superb. This one serves the best espresso. Since this cafe is so busy throughout the day that any time you walk in, you are assured of fresh sandwiches and pastries. I love the croissants and all the egg sandwiches - perfect for breakfast! Desserts need no introduction, decadent and perfect when combines with a coffee. Top coffee place for me in Powai! thenomadicgourmet.com
Rated Been going there for the past year now. They know their coffee and will take good care of you. Crowded most days from 9am till closing, best to get there early if you wish to have a sit down. They are now expanding the seating area - you wouldn't realize that there's work going on, it's that well managed. Real disappointed that they stopped the steel tumblers in short sizes...
Rated Food not that great you can try club sandwich that's a bit better Java chip and cafe mocha are the best Service is the best, after all it's Starbucks :D Ambience: awesome
Rated Very good coffees and big place to find a table easily! Busy throughout the day and WiFi is definitely there along with ample charging points, knowing it is a Starbucks! Java Choco Chip Frappucino is my favorite!
Rated Couldn't overlook all the people raving about this place and went in one evening to try a range of their products. The outlet is little but cute. Loved the royal vintage furniture they have. We asked for a couple of cheesecakes to begin with our little treat. Philadelphia baked cheesecake - nice, subtle, rich! Blueberry cheesecake - decent stuff. Not very sour as some I had before. Strawberry cheesecake - that was something new. Handpicked strawberries perfectly churned with cream cheese Lemon cheesecake - wayyyy to lemony. Literally felt like I was having squeezed lemon juice. The crust on this one was surprisingly amazing though. Red velvet cheesecake- Divine!. All the red velvets I've had till date had a hard sponge and did not taste that well. But this little thing was of a whole new level. Recommendations? Just for the Red Velvet, try it guys!! Justifies its name to the core. VFM? Not really. A little pastry costs 150+taxes. All of these above came to 850+ something. Expensive, but worth for some good quality stuff.
Rated In love with Love & Cheesecake.. Nice brightly lit cosy ambience welcoming you to the amazing varieties of cheesecakes & macarons.. its a blink and miss kinda place Sampled the oreo and red velvet cheesecakes.. both were equally moist and flavurful with a nice dense crumb which I absolutely cherished.. Will visit again to try other varieties soon
Rated This place is a small and brightly lit outlet with clean and decent ambiance. Had been here with the family post dinner, and was already full from the meal; but I am happy to say that the cheesecakes weren't as heavy as I thought them to be. We ordered the Red Velvet cheesecake, The Chocolate Sin and The Nutella Baked Cheesecake. The Red Velvet was the best out of the lot if you love the flavour of the cream cheese; and The Chocolate Sin was good for the people who prefer the dark chocolaty taste as the primary flavour in the mouth. The price is reasonable. I would have liked a biscuit crum base at the bottom, for more authenticity. The place provides a decent experience and you will surely satisfy your sweet tooth.
Rated None can ever go wrong with love & cheesecake! I m a cheesecake lover & more so, if it's from this bakery. Red velvet cheesecake happens to be the hot seller but my personal favourite is blueberry baked cheesecake. Not too heavy & oh so yummy! However no matter what you decide to try; you will not be disappointed. Love & cheesecake is love ❤ navimumbaifoodjunkies.wordpress.com
Rated I "Love Cheesecake" so much so that I always miss reading the "&" in between this fabulous store's name. My love for cheesecakes is ever increasing since I took my first bite of a blueberry cheesecake many years back in Bangalore. Back then not many people knew about cheesecakes (at least the people I knew didn't) but I always though this dessert had potential and lo and behold a cake shop just selling cheesecakes is like a dream come true indeed. And the icing on the cake (pun intended) was when my team decided to surprise me with a cheesecake for my birthday (check pics). At that moment, I felt like the little scrat from the ice age movie when he gets to hold the acorn in his tiny hands. That was one of the best birthday cakes I've ever eaten too (I suppose it was Cappuccino Brownie Cheesecake). The other cake that I have attached to this review is I believe the Fresh Strawberry Cheesecake which was even better than mine (since these pics were clicked during my birthday in November last year @store can correct me if I am wrong in identifying these cakes and I'll be glad to make the corrections). Although all of their cakes are a bit steeply priced but trust me each rupee spent on these is like an investment in the great bank of joy. Picture this - An imaginary world of cheesecakes where everything is made of 'em. I would trade anything to visit this place once..wouldn't you?
Rated Food: 5/5 VFM: 4/5 Ambience: 4/5 Service: 5/5 Amazing cheesecakes! We couldn't decide what to get so we picked two chocolate and two fruit based cheesecakes. Not a single one disappointed. We were planning to take it home so we called in advance and said we would pick it up in 10 minutes while on the way. As soon as I reached they pulled out a box and gave it to me, not a single minute wasted. Very efficient and prompt. The cheesecakes were ridiculously wonderful and I fully intend to keep up this method of description till I run out of adjectives. The box was also very attractive - black and gold always works. Belgian chocolate cheesecake - so rich, so good. Melt-in-your-mouth takes on a whole new meaning. Strawberry cheesecake - so very strawberry! It was just so delicious. The layered compote was to die for. Chocolate sin cheesecake - damn right it's sin. It's so good it HAS to be a sin. Because which awesome things aren't? I would gladly sin everyday. Blueberry cheesecake - it tasted FRESH! At the risk of repeating myself this one was also beautifully delicious and deliciously beautiful. the-pretty-simple-life.blogspot.com
Rated A beautiful and calming aura exudes from this outlet as soon as you enter the land of lovely cheesecakes. The interior is done really romantically and feels very airy even though it is a very small outlet. The available options would be dependent on the time that you come to the outlet, so you may be disappointed once in a while. We tried the red velvet cheesecake, chocolate sin, hazelnut crunch cheesecake and dutch truffle. The red velvet is simply my favorite with its subtle yet heavenly flavors and light texture. The chocolate sin was a little bit dense and as the name can suggest, very chocolaty, which may not be favored by everyone. The dutch truffle had a light texture with dark chocolate, hence came with a tinge of bitterness, but wasn't accompanied by an overdose of chocolate. The hazelnut crunch just made me wish I was in some place cold with the cake, it filled me with warmth with its perfectly balanced flavors. Overall, it is a lovely place with a wonderful experience to offer which you shouldn't let go.
Rated Love and cheesecake is the perfect name for this place , I was here after dinner for dessert and I fell in love with the cheesecakes here. I had the red velvet cheese cake which was perfect and beautiful in every sense of both these words . The cheesecakes are very reasonably priced and worth every single penny .The nutella baked cheesecake is also supposed to be really good , so I'll be trying that next time. All in all a place you have to go to if you like cheesecakes , and if you dont all the more reason to go because you'll definitely fall in love with them .
Rated #RedValvetCheeseCake #Awsome n finger licking cakes The Day Was My Mom's Birthday Celebration so m looking something different cake..n m go to Zomato over der searching cheesecake outlets...which was my mom never had..afterlong time i found this cake shop. The best cakes i have ever had ..truly delicious and quality which is truly rich. I will never get better than dis cheesecake. The staff is quite welcoming and helpful.
Rated Totally love this place.. Aftr trying d bandra outlet, glad to c them in powai too.. D interiors r very cute.. Love d vibes.. Blueberry cheese cake is my all tym favourite here.. But tried d red velvet this time.. I would say it wasn't a cheese cake, it was more like red velvet n cream cake.. It tasted really good but dint go wid d name and expectation of a cheesecake.. But this place is defi worth a visit
Rated They say, be good at what you do. These guys nailed it. Perfect samosas. You are greeted by courteous people. You relish fresh samosas. You return back for more. That simple. :-)
Rated Samosas they have cracked the code of Samosa making art well would love to know there secret... Friendly Joint for Hot Samosas and deliveries are super speed hats off to there hard working delivery boys plus amazing flavors of ice cream Love it Green Chutney tastes awesome with Samosa Keep up the lovely Work of making Samosas would recommend !!! Would recommend
Rated Strange name for samosas, Vadilal being known for ice creams, best samosas in or around Powai i've had. I've known the owner for some time now, very kind, courteous and hospitable, would totally recommend their samosas, would also recommend their ice creams. thank you
Rated Being born and brought up in North, I have been craving for a Real Samosa for quite some time. That's when I started searching on zomato and found excellent reviews for this place. Next day itself I travelled there from Ghatkopar just to have samosa. And let me confess it truly is very very good. Authentic taste and excellent imli chutney. The green chutney was bad but. Having Said that it truly was the best in mumbai I have had so far.
Rated Yummy Delicious Ice cream of Vadilal Ice cream at Samosas.....The Samosa & Ice Cream Parlour.............and the Samosa Awesome with Tamarind Sauce evry one must have it .....
Rated This place was referred to me by one of my friend, they have extremely good samosa. Those samosa even taste better with their chutney. They also have ice creams of various brands, such as dinahaws and vadilal. Those ice creams are also good, rather better than other brands. It was also informed that they provide food box, which you can customize it with jalebi, samosa and other stuffs. I would say more than the ice creams, their specialty is samosa and it is a must try.
Rated Hiii everyone..out there...whenever i here the word samosa...i remember the name of vadilal ka samosa ..oftenly said by my wifey vaishali who is a big fan of it Ab toh lagta hai jab bhi mumbai ayenge i hv to visit n experience the incredible taste of thes3 samosas...Sunne mein itna amazing.Pic mein it na tasty hai toh friends khane mein kitna yummmmy hoga.. plzzzz do try.. thanks to ganesh tiwari , will definitely mèet in future at vadilal
Rated So the name itself builds so much of curiosity....Vadilal Samosa. And when you visit, the major part of the store is covered by ice cream and there is a small section for samosa & lunch.....so you tend to over look that. But if you really want to have an amazingly tasty samosa.....do not get confused and ask for samosa. They also serve various recipes in reference to samosa for which the shop is known for locally. So basically its a place of samosa with a genuine taste of it.
Rated Good.. best samosa in powai I can say,but they need more space... it can be one of best veg hotels in powai and I am sure with management it will be soon there...good place to take family along... owner Mr. Tiwari hopefully has some plan in place...Thanks for bringing samosa back..kudos..
Rated Wanna Taste some amazingly yummier Samosas…. I will recommend all Samosas Loving friends to taste Vadilal Samosas located just opposite IIT main Gate, it is amazingly yummier crispy and delicious samosas which are fabulous and tasty with tangy sweet tamarind and pudina chutney. If you haven’t tasted Vadilal samosas, then you haven’t tasted samosas. Go and taste it once and I will guarantee that you will visit again ….
Rated I loved the ambiance to the hilt. The service is decent enough but if you are vegetarian and you understand your Italian food, you may not like this place. The veg food is not up to the mark here unless all you want to eat is cheese. The pasta irrespective of whether it is white cheese or green pesto is totally bland and nothing but balls of cheese without much flavor in it. It is Al Dante but the taste is like you are chewing raw flour with cheese overload. The desserts looks great but could have been better. Except the ambiance and Renaissance name, I did not find anything enticing here. Been for some sponsored reviews and must say that the food was not up to the mark. hautekutir.com
Rated It was one of the few early Italian eateries. When Italian was just about making its debut, it was one of the few speciality places of its kind. Being in a 5 Star hotel of course made it expensive and a little out of reach of the common man, but now with speciality places being just as expensive as 5-stars, it's not that unthinkable. The dishes are quite authentic, so unless u r an Italian food fan, u may get lost with the menu, all authentic sounding dishes. However they are quite helpful, so much so that the chef comes to help u select stuff and can also do something that u like specifically! Food taste is really good. Finest ingredients used of course! Lost of imported meats and herbs etc which adds the authenticity to the taste. Wines are also quite exclusive and good. Ambience is quite peaceful and chilled out. U can enjoy ur sumptuous meal without having to worry about getting out in a hurry. They also have a lovely little balcony sort of place which looks down upon their swimming pool. This place is fab in the evenings and also given out exclusively if so desired for a group. All in all, a good Italian food place. Deserves a visit for sure..
Rated I’ve been wanting to visit Renaissance Hotel for a while, however none of the plans materialized, so when I received the invitation from The FBAI I was surely not going to miss finally visiting this beautiful property. I was a invited to Fratelli Fresh, their Italian restaurant, for their Sunday food meets art brunch. ... Read full post on fatfoodiesworld.wordpress.com
Rated There are few perks of staying at renaissance... one of them is the complementary breakfast at Fratelli Fresh and this is a place that I just love having breakfast at. They have amazingly courteous staff and a super delicious meal to kick start a day with taste that stays. Their chefs are always up around to serve you with the fresh to the core preparation. And they don't wait for u to come and pick stuff of ur choice they rather come to you over ur table offering you stuff and trust me u ll go awwwwh that's so sweet. Do I need to write anything further to convince you to try this place. You can see chef Sundeep how happy he is to serve freshly made doughnuts. Their life kitchen is outstanding. And cutting chai is the best tea I had in a hotel. Hash brown are yummy... list is endlessly big here of must have items.. something for everyone. food2go4.wordpress.com
Rated Very friendly staff, the place is gorgeous, beautiful decorations and very spacious. Very exclusive, tasty and originally Italian cuisine. Pasta and Pizza were perfectly seasoned and had a good balance. Mosquitoes are a let down.
Rated Fratelli Fresh – The Italian Cuisine Restaurant at Renaissance Hotel, Mumbai – Food Review Ciao Fratelli, Sorelle e Amici, Ho’una belissima notizia. Hello brothers, sisters and friends, I have wonderful news. Fratelli Fresh, the specialty Italian cuisine restaurant at Hotel Renaissance, Powai has always been known to serve authentic Italian food, perfectly paired with exotic wine since the last 6 years. When I got an invite to their menu relaunch, there was no way I could resist my palatal temptation. The event was to welcome the new Chef-de-Cuisine Cristian Cabrera from Chile who would weave his culinary magic with new, fresh and authentic Italian cuisine. Braving the weekend traffic, I was there to be greeted by Chef Cristian who promised me an evening of outlandish wine paired with a whole new Italian menu inspired by his grandmother’s secret recipes. I was showed a short film showcasing the culinary journey of the highly motivated and skilled chef, right from his childhood days when he developed his love for cooking to date when I was to witness and taste a perfect treat in Italian cuisine. After I, along with the fellow food bloggers present there unveiled the new menu specially designed by the Chef, the new menu including a wide variety of antipasti, soups, homemade pastas, risottos, pizzas and desserts were thrown open to taste in the astounding ambience of the restaurant with glass walls which surely gave me a feeling of tranquil and welcoming swank and ritzy dining experience. The flavoursome homemade pasta, Gnocchi that I tasted, which was the creamy pesto rosso with mozzarella gratin surely stood up to the promise of the chef’s grandmother’s legacy. The pasta topped with selective ingredients exported all the way from Italy and fresh handpicked vegetables from the garden kitchen of the hotel certainly transported me to a gastronomical trip to Italy. I couldn’t think of terminating my journey to Italy without tasting a Pizza and so I tried out the Proscuitto e Formaggi, which was topped with fresh mozzarella and tomatoes on a thin crust. This pizza, the Italian maestro’s signature pizza and I benevolently signed my seal of acceptance too. As a food connoisseur, I had learnt that it is white wine that brings out the rice flavour in a risotto. There I was opting for the 3 Mushroom Risotto, the authentic Italian dish cooked the slow and painful way with magnanimous spread of parmesan cheese and white wine. The dessert menu was exactly what my sweet tooth desired after the sumptuous meal, with homemade gelato, the season’s best fresh fruit platter, the cocoa dust, mascarpone, Kahlua based Tiramasu and many more or even the Fromage, which was the choice of Italian cheeses with onion marmalade, dry fruits and crackers. As I walked out after an amazing Italian gastronomic expedition, I could say with conviction that Fratelli Fresh e certamente Italian in tutto e per tutto (Fratelli Fresh is surely Italian in everything and for everything). Whether it is our next date or our family treat, you know, we have to go to Fratelli Fresh tonight (Sai, dobbiamo andare per forza Fratelli Fresh, stasera).
Rated My love for pizza drove me to a two-hour journey to Renaissance Hotel. You would be wondering why two-hour? Yes, thanks to Mumbai Traffic,but that did not disappointed me knowing I would get to indulge into Authentic Italian Cuisine. No matter how, I was adamant to get through it. Finally the wait was over and I reached my destination though a bit late. When I entered Fratelli Fresh I just loved the Décor and ambience. The view is amazing, overlooking the beautiful Powai Lake. Selected food bloggers were invited for a special food tasting at Fratelli fresh by Chef Cristian. He warmly greeted us and made us comfortable. Since it was new menu launch, we were first shown the food journey clip of Chef Cristian and how he started his chef life inspired by his Grandma’s legacy. Chef took care of each preparation and his team did a marvellous job. My favorite Pizza ie. Vegetarian Pizza topped with Tomato, Mozarella cheese,Caramelised onion and pepper. The thin crust base made all the way and sauce was not piquant. However overall dish was above average. I would definitely like to have more seasoning and add-on to it. Mushroom Risotto – I usually never try risotto . It took some time to serve but it was worth the wait. The preparation and ingredients took it to the next level. It was a perfect blend of mushrooms, risotto rice and parmesan. Next was Gnocchi ie its creamy pesto rosso with mozarella gratin. It’s traditional Italian favorite dish.It’s a mixture of cheese, herbs and garlic.I just loved the creamy sauce which is rich and tasty. The pesto gets tossed up with pasta and is so delicious. Heading over to Dessert now , Tiramisu, classical Italian favorite dish.The first time I tried it long back I don’t remember when but trust me this one its a killer. It’s a fusion of cocoa dust, mascarpone, kahlua. Its light and yummy. My verdict : The ambience and décor is stylish yet classic. The service is quick and servers are attentive and friendly. Awesome food prepared by Chef Cristian. Indulge yourself to authentic Italian cuisine at Fratelli Fresh, Renaissance Hotel, Powai
Rated Located a little of centre it is a great option for Italian food. Tried Chicken risotto, the rice a little less cooked bt other wise tasted nice, veg ravioli and veg lasange that were awesome. And the selection for pizzas was also nice. Overall great food
Rated Was staying at the Renaissance hotel last week and absolutely loved the experience. The chefs are so kind and immensely helpful. We used to sit down for breakfast at fratelli fresh overlooking the beautiful powai lake. Lovely ambience. By night it turns into a fine dining resto with the yummiest pizzas ever. Their wine collection is great..
Rated I visited them through a Nearbuy (then Groupon) offer for two where in they serve two mock tails, pizza, pasta and a dessert. While their ambience win my heart, their food? Not quite. I didn't enjoy the pizza as the base was too dry tasteless. The pasta was just okay. Reminds me of an old saying - there are no free lunches. May be because I was being served off the Groupon coupon which costs half of their actual price, they gave us second class passenger experience in terms of food.
Rated The food is really fresh. Provides a good change from normal roti sabji. Rightly priced to maintain quality. I liked the burger, sandwich n salads. The packaging is right. Fresh menu team, Keep on experimenting with food.
Rated Fresh Menu has some great food on the menu, since it is changing the menu daily givea others a chance to experience new dishes. However some of my experiences have been good, some have also been not so good. I hope they work a little more on the taste and team please have a look on your sides. They taste bad. Main course is usally good.
Rated Reco by colleagues and crave for continental led to order for FM.com Cottage cheese ragi crepes was ok sort of with less veggies than shown on website:) Roasted pumpkin red curry rice was well packed and enjoyable. Baked tiramisu cake was not so exciting but good as dessert post continental dinner. Somehow could not enjoy as expected may be coz of delivery than dining in and not feeling just cooked experience. Packaging was good and delivery on time. Rates reasonable. Let's see next time trying different options. Can be tried if want to explore something different at home.
Rated Ordered a brownie with chocolate sauce, pesto stuffed chicken and grilled panner with spicy rice for lunch. Timely delivery Reasonable pricing Well packaged and presented Food was also quite good. I would have liked a little less salt in the pesto stuffed chicken but pretty much everything else was good and had a lot of value for money. Good job!
Rated Really good. If you love spicy food; then this is the place you order from. We ordered for chicken quesadillas with chicken drumsticks (which is along with rice sufficient for one ) it was good. Heard that menu changes everyday. Tried it today it was good. The sad part is you might not get the same thing Tom. 😐 so next time u might not get your fav dish. But it's good to order if ur alone and want to order. It's not expensive at all. Dishes of 120/150/200/250. Fits ur pocket. It's very good for bachelors.
Rated Ease of ordering: 5/5 Delivery: 2/5 (took 1 hr 40 minutes to deliver + delivery guy had zero change) Packaging & Presentation: 5/5 Food: 3.5/5 Items ordered: Thai Raw Papaya Salad, Chicken crackling spinach, potato fritters, quinoa salad Salad – Fresh ingredients. Well cut juliennes. Dressing was a disappointment. Salad tasted very bland. Quantity ok for the price. Starters: Tender well marinated and cooked pieces of chicken. Quantity ok. Taste decent. Spinach soggy. Can order again... only if their delivery is sorted out.
Rated Ordered the Fusilli pasta. It was splendid! Only recommend heating it a bit more And removing the raisins from the dish. Definitely would order again!
Rated I used to really like Hola Chef. They were all you needed from a online food service. Really good food, decent delivery times and really interesting menu offerings. Then they started dropping lower and lower in all aspects, and I grew to despise. Fast forward 5months, and FreshMenu shows up! And its like everything is back! The offerings are really intriguing again. The food is actually better! The Peri Peri Chicken burger had the perfectly cooked patty (something I judge a good burger by), and it was bloody big. Actually, all their food has superb portions, and for the prices, its a steal! I also ordered Herb Potato Fritters, which actually blew me away with that herby after taste. To finish, I tried the Lemon Tart, which was again really impressive. And the packing is all neat and classy. Clean designs, which I really like. And microwave friendly, which a lovely touch. As far as online food services go, this is about as good as it gets. I just wish they have beverages on offer too, but other than that, Im pretty sold! Go order!
Rated Have visited this place multiple times and I fall in love with the view every. single. time. The pristine white and blue decor adds a very chic lounge feel and the big screen near the bar is perfect for match screenings. An all vegetarian menu which may not be very novel but is definitely exhaustive. The hummus trio comes with three dips and a good portion of pita bread. Their cheese cigar rolls are just the type of fried comfort food you'd crave after a long day at work. For a place with such a view, the prices are quite reasonable. The staff is friendly and prompt too. Must visit!
Rated Been here at night Amazing view Amazing location The name is quite apt as the breeze here really is refreshing and instantly makes you forget all ur worries and brings a smile to ur face :) We had chips and salsa Mexican bean wraps Paneer tikka pizza Had rider on the storm and meds paradise drinks (mocktails) Food was really good The salsa with nachos was very nice But quantity was a little less And also the mocktails could have been better :) Service was good Although this place is a bit thick on ur pocket It's worth it for the view Please sit at the edge near glass railings To experience the view of Powai with Breeze Food-4/5 Quantity-3.5/5 Quality- 4/5 Cost- 3/5 Service- 4/5 Ambience- 4.8/5 (a little softer music instead of R n B would be appreciated, coz it became difficult to hear the other person talk) Wondering how awesome this place would be during rains :D
Rated Well you can give full ratings for the restaurant setup and it's location. It is that damn amazing. We reached around 6 in the evening and took the window couch perfect enough for sunset view. Slight breeze plus superb Lake view made the evening breathtaking. We ordered jalapeño cheese balls, cheese veggie pizza and a purple delight cocktail. All the food was great. It is little bit pricey but you get that amazing view in return. So no complaints. One rating which is less in my review would go for dish potion and the price because you can find fault in rest of the things. Service and management is swift to respond to your request. Go with your loved ones and you won't regret a bit. Cheers🍻
Rated I heard mixed reviews about this place but had always wanted to visit it. Finally got the chance last night and I must say it was a really good experience! I had a mocktail named simplicity and a few dishes like cone pizza, stuffed paprika croquettes and ravioli. Everything was presented well and tasted good too! Fell in love with the ravioli! A must visit place. The ambience is simply amazing. Even though its a open roof restaurant, you wont feel hot and the light breeze is always there making you feel so good. Peaceful and a perfect place if you want to go on a date. A great place to spend some quality time with some of your close friends too!
Rated Lovely place .. Grt view.. Reaching there is a bit of a problem due to heavy traffic... But once looking at the view it's worth it.. Nice music, good crowd and good food.. Pasta is especially good and deserts r worth trying a bit expensive though but it's value for money ..
Rated Breathtaking would be an understatement. Aptly named the Breeze for the airy setting that impresses event the most seasoned critiques, it is definitely a place you shouldn't miss if you happen to be around. The only way in which I was slightly disappointed was the Vegetarian only menu and a slightly slow service. Ratings : Food : 3.5/5 Service : 3/5 Ambiance : 5/5 Overall : 3.5/5 Verdict: Not a place that you would want to miss if you love amazing vistas or good dining experiences
Rated Located at Powai on the top of an office building, with a majestic view of the Mumbai skyline, this place surely is a hip and buzzing place. Music is good and service is impressive. The decor is elegant. While i prefer to sit at the table enjoying the view, and unwind after a hectic day. Being a carnivore, the only minus point i can think of it as its veg. But that doesnt really matter if the conversation keeps on flowing as smoothly as the spirits!
Rated Breeze can be rated as one of the fine roof top restos in Mumbai! Nice soothing ambience with an amazing view! This place is divided into 2 sections... one which looked like a fine dine area (Mehman Nawazi) and the other lounge (Breeze) ! The lounge has an open roof top view (perfect for a date😉). The other part apt for family dining.. (had been here..) If your going there with a kids, u will not be allowed in the lounge area ! ID card is a must! Coming to food and service.... both were great! The best thing i liked was the pan shots (not sure what is it called) they serve in the end instead of the usual boring mukhwaas... but it was something unique!
Rated This is a great place for special occasions..the location is excellent - on the windy rooftop of one of Powai's tallest buildings overlooking the expanse of Powai, including the gorgeous lake. I came here on my birthday for a celebratory lunch and I had a good time. But the prices are definitely steep..we only had beer and a few starters and the bill was around 1000 rupees. For a hearty meal, it would be twice that amount. I've heard the place is even prettier at night. But it's definitely a good option for vegetarians who want a fine dining option with alcohol. Make sure you get one of the tables on the edge of the terrace. The ambience is truly a class apart - I love the use of pristine white tables and chairs. But the quantity of food is very very tiny - you don't get much in one portion. But it's tasty all right. trailstainedfingers.com
Rated 8th February,2016 Summary: A grand old name in south Mumbai society, seems more now a lunch buffet joint or when the crowds from next door Nehru theatre flock in for post event dinner. Nearby Copper Chimney I feel draws more..sadly a once upon a time story lies within JOI. A Monday office lunch quickie with a colleague who I seek out to get some advise on how life can be better? We reach the restaurant by 1240, just one table occupied in a huge circle amphitheatre if one has to describe the restaurant floor. Lavish artwork on the walls, crimson red color flashing at me and long centre tables for those 12 member family get-togethers. The lunch buffet is standard fare. Salads both continental & desi. Our table is served with pani puri (7/10), Dahi papdi (8/10) and crisp thin masala dosai (9.5/10). For a South Indian who doesn't like much his local cuisine, the crepe was excellent. Masala light with nice boiled potatoes. The chutney & sambar ok types. The pani puri theeka pani was nowhere close to what you expect while the Dahi chaat lacks that unique chaat masala flavour, quite bland I say. My murg biryani (8.5/10) with Russian salad (9/10) , raita & bhendi subzi (9/10) is good wholesome. Loads of cloves, cinnamon & pepper corns in the rice but it needs a few cashews, raisins & fried crisp onions to lift the texture. My colleague likes her paneer makhani with roti & the baked cheese dish. For desserts I try the hot Gulab jamun (7/10) but it's not so spongy & has no stuffing inside. The fruit platter helps wet my sweet passion. My colleague likes her strawberry mousse...we leave in an hour and half, she seeking my views on her next career move while I get stern advice to forgo my passion so that those whom we persue to love are set free to have more happiness for themselves ...Haila..my life !!!!
Rated Went for the Sunday buffet. While I've been going for many years prior, I felt that this time the quality of food and the staff service has gone down. Food is still palatable but not overly enjoyable. The "welcome drink" was so horrible I didn't feel like calling for any others. Ambience was the only positive aspect of the restaurant. I would also like to point out that if you bring milk 10 minutes after the tea is poured into the cup it will no linger be hot(yuck).
Rated Old world charm on a platter - Jewel of India is the Humphrey Bogart of Indian cuisine in Mumbai. The taste of biryani and kebabs hasn't really changed over the many years it has been serving. The bar area is straight out of the nostalgic Colonial Clubs of India. Spacious, graceful, well light and bright - the ambience has a lot to cheer for. Out of the ample Indian menu, some items might have lost their sheen, but most stand on their feet even after so many years. Special mention of the biryani, mutton paya and tikkas. Always a revisit place.
Rated Old school charm and good Indian food. Plush chairs and huge dining room with a lot of space welcome you. The bar which is separately located is also Quite elegant in its decor. The first thing that strikes one is the grand setting of this old south mumbai favourite. I was always keen to visit this place as my driver (a Mumbai resident for the past 40 years) kept on harping about how the well to-do families in Mumbai dined at this place and how it was a symbol of opulence in the good Ol days. He claims ( and this is unsubstantiated) that a host of movies in the 70s where shot here displaying the wealth and affluence of erstwhile Mumbai. The food is pretty decent. The kakori kebabs and the galauti kebabs were wonderfully cooked and extremely soft. The vegetarian starter (veg seekh kabab) was not as good (being a non-vegetarian, I am afraid I may not EVER appreciate veg food). The butter nans were good and so was the non vegetarian main course. Definitely worth a visit. You may find better Indian food elsewhere but you may never find the old school feel which this place has to offer. Your parents would love it. Give it a shot!
Rated I have been coming here since I was the age of 2.... We r coming here since my grand dad was there.... I love this place a lot... Like the way it has a huge space n huge tables for families.... The food here is also good... N the service n the hospitality is also good.... It was my daughters first restaurant.... So its a forth generation of our family who visited ur restaurant
Rated The location of this place is really picturesque and just footsteps away from the Nehru Centre. Coming to the food, I recommend that you must take a buffet, and that too the Non-vegetarian section. When I was here, I had seen people getting wrong orders on their tables. Again, 4/5 entirely goes to the food and ambience as the service was not really upto the mark and quick. Things were taken in a quite laidback attitude. FISH FINGERS, was something for which I would specially come back here. Great range of starters! RECOMMENDED.
Rated Always loved going to the " BAR " at the Jewel Of India while there happy hours are on ( 6.30 / 8.00 pm ) A lot of freebies until the new management has taken over past 2 months. Never the less had a good time yesterday . Dot 6.30 and the place is packed. Good Variety at the bar and Now since they the Kingfisher Draught is sold .. wow , what more do you want. the Ambiance has always been royal but the service is a Total disappointment. Ordered the Draught Beer and was served Boiled Channa with Onions and tomatoes and Chaat Masala . Awesome . Along with that they give the regular Peanuts ( spicy ) cheeselings and Chana. Joy Hours menu Non veg 500 bucks order any 3 non veg starters or 4 Veg Starters ( Quantity may be a bit less but worth every penny ) Ordered the Veg Joy Hours @ 500 and was served Chiili Cheese Toast ( Ok) nothing great. Tiny Batata Wada (4) it was awesome ( even the samosas are good) Baby Cheese Garlic Naan (4) ( absolutely fantastic ) loved it , correct mix of cheese , garlic stuffing , well done topped with butter and coriander. Veg Seekh Kabab (4) again a very balanced dish , full of flavours and rich aroma of spices . loved it. Over all a great experience, will visit again soon . As i said i would gave given this place a 4 But inspite of my repeated requests no Chutney , Tabasco , cutlery provided . Hope the management takes a note of the laid back attitude of the people serving and act on it . I guess the regulars get more attention ( what i saw ) Food Wise perfect Service - Pathetic Ambiance - Good prithvishashar.wordpress.com
Rated It's located in the campus of Nehru centre and Nehru planetarium. This restaurant serves buffet. The food is good and value for money. The desserts are delicious.
Rated Jewel of India One of the best restaurants in Mumbai which ensures an absolutely awesome Dine Out experience in a restaurant that gives the feel of a 5 Star! Their Sunday Buffet menu is not worth a miss! Their North Indian Delicacies are a treat to the tummy! This place is huge, spacious with high ceiling & lovely chandeliers! Its Vibrant & has a feel good factor! Ideal for big groups & perfect for moments of celebrations! I have been going to this place since more than a decade & this place never fails to charm me!
Rated Amazing place amazing starters amazing north indian cuisine , very courteous staff , had a lasoni palak , kadhai paneer roti and daal khichadi everything just perfect
Rated This is a place where I have been umpteen number of times. If plan fails, there is waiting somewhere tastee doesn't disappoint and accepts with open arms. Fast turn around of tables results in minimal waiting. Typical udipi place with ita favourite as dosa, pizza (fast food kinda) pav bhaji and bhrl Puri. If you ever crave for pani Puri, and want to have hygienic ones without bombing your pocket with 200, this is the place. It's a trusted place Namrata Ladsariya
Rated Must visit this restaurant....if u love fast food...sandwitch...pizzas....pulav....pani and shev puri....dosas and uthappas...tastiest...cheapest...as compare to others....Sunday definite waiting...but worth hai yaar...
Rated Tastee - as the name suggests delivers simple yet very tasty food. The restaurant is quite small in capacity due to which there there's lot of waiting expected in the evening hours. On Sundays it's flooded with people willing to have snacks. Tastee serves average snacks with affordable price. Must try - samosas and moong panipuri. I also suggest mushroom pizza as that too is worth giving a try. Their staff is quite decent and serve with quick delivery. With decent staff, quick service, tasty food and value for money tastee wins 3.5 stars.
Rated This is just your average udipi..But their home delivery is just phenomenally quick. Have eaten their idli, dosa, tava pulao, pav bhaji, masala pav, uttapam..That's what I can remember! And it's pretty ok..Fresh. This place works really well for me because they end up delivering small value items without any hangups of order value.
Rated Great place near worli naka for quick udupi food.The place offers good value for money. Pav bhaji, dosas and milk shakes are the best options here.
Rated Your regular fast food place. Had their pav bhaji with the kadak pav. Was nice and it is also their speciality, something I gathered from there. Chat was decent and fruit juices were all standard. Just chanced upon this place as was passing by it. No zomato recommendations, no reviews. Just good old fashion spotting. 3menwalking.com
Rated Dont ever try the north indian stuff its horrible. Pav bhaaji is the only thing they cook well......Sadanand in the vicinity is a much better experience.
Rated Wonderful pani puri!! Awesome pulav. Was there with family. Everyone including my dadi enjoyed the food. Good parking space even on a Saturday night. Quick service. And economical for the average Mumbaikar. Must go to place for everyone on the move. Located right at the Worli naka junction.
Rated Visiting this place since years...Food- An Udipi restaurant with awesome chat options . Verity of Ice Creams and Verity of Deserts such as Falooda's.Ambience- Ambience is fresh but bit congested.Costing- Moderately placed.My Favourites- Pav Bhaji, Dosas and Chic-Chock Icecream
Rated Be prepared to stand if you plan to enter this place, as it has just 1 table and you can see the chef cook the food for you, due to the small size of the place. We had 2 pastas,one with sbarro sauce which was a mixture of red sauce and white sauce and it was well made with nice quality additives. The white sauce pasta was averagely decent. We also had garlic bread which was very ordinary and finally our craving for cheese cakes forced us to order a blueberry cheesecake which was not worth the cost. Its a very decent and ordinary place disguised as a nice looking place.
Rated Some of my best memories of pizza were at the Mama Sbarro outlet at Times Square, NYC, so you can understand my excitement about trying it out in India but it has to live upto almost unbeatable standards. This outlet is decent in its way, but not more than decent. Ambience & Décor: With its cold storage and kitchen put together, the area of the dining space was lesser, ergo it's a pickup or delivery place. But the minimal seating in the form of barstools was satisfactory. Ambience lacks all depth. The dining experience here is largely absconding. Service: One senior worker who refused to put down his phone to attend to our needs along with several inexperienced and absent-minded staff members ensured that service was less helpful and more annoying. Food: BBQ VEG PIZZA. I had pessimistically low expectations, but I swallowed my words after I did my first bite. The crust was magnificent and had a delicious bite to it. The toppings were great and they were cooked to perfection. The fact that it was served hot made it special. KEBAB STROMBOLI. Yet again, I was sceptical. And yet again, wrongly. Served very hot and with a brilliant glamour, but it was not without flaws. The meat had a processed taste, but the bread was delicious. Enjoyable dish. We were then given a CHOCOLATE MOUSSE, and it was just like the packaged ones you're used to. Even though it's not cent percent in terms of quality, it's the exact one you'd get in other major chains. As for the this outlet, it's decent but major scope for improvement. But this review had been a long time coming, as my visit here was over a month ago. So there are certainly some corrections that have been made, and you can try for yourself.
Rated The pizzas at Sbarro are very fresh. Visited this outlet recently. I especially love their Stuffed Chicken Pizza slice which is stuffed with a variety of chicken, is delicious and very filling. Unfortunately it isn't on the menu at this outlet. I guess they serve those only on weekends at the other outlets. Tried the chicken pepperoni and it was nice. Though I feel they can be a little more generous with the toppings. Had the chicken stromboli too and it was good. Its just that they don't serve a dip with it and you'll have to buy a cheesy dip separately, that comes in a very tiny container and so dipping the stromboli in it doesn't work. Have to use a spoon. Overall a good place for pizza. Would say its more of a take away outlet unless they have put up tables outside. I wish they start the stuffed pizza slice soon.
Rated Have ordered from this place quite a few number of times. The best pizza they have to offer is the New York Cheese pizza. It is basic, but they have a really good sauce that goes very well with the thin crust style they make. It's not literally thin crust, but it is not as bready as other pizza chains. They have made a departure from the big slice pizza style, and now make small pizzas on order. I think this styles suits them much better, since the pizzas are much more fresher than what I used to get in the Big slice version, where it was just reheated. I have also had the peri peri chicken, and was disappointed by the amount of toppings. They really should put some more toppings, otherwise it's really not worth the 500 bucks they charge for a medium size pizza. If they improve the quantity of the toppings, I would order other pizzas from them. Till then I will stick to NY style cheese pizza.
Rated This branch of China Bistro has become one of those restaurants on my list that I can rely on for a wonderful experience each visit. Two of us visited, each less hungry than the other. I ordered an eight treasure sea food soup. We decided to go for Vegetable black bean bao-erger, a recent addition to the menu. The soup was amazing, as expected. Thick with crab meat, fish and prawn bits. A caution while ordering this soup, you will have space for little else after. The bao bun was soft, with a several different exotic vegetables. It was slightly spicy as cautioned by our server. The outdoor seating is quiet and romantic. Perfect to have soup. My rating- Food- 5/5 Ambience-5/5 Service+ Staff- 5/5
Rated China Bistro is located at the end of Worli Sea face(Heading towards South). Thanks to the Valet parking for making life easy. As soon as u enter this restaurant u are welcome by two effigy of Chinese Soldiers i suppose at the entrance. At the reception with light hearted smiles and warm welcoming, the staff arranges for a good table, all the way escorting u till it. When u enter the dinning place u will feel calmed and amazed with the amazing ambiance. The ambiance is just fabulous, making you smoothly relaxed with music tuned up in the background. Now coming to food it has been quite long i had visited this place so i exactly don't recall whatever i had. But 3 major things i recollect is their Mocktails and the steak. In Mocktails, i tried the Apricot orange on recommendation of the waiter and it was amazing with one more Mocktail Apple Basil Martini. The steak was so soft and breath taking i never had such soft steak in my lyf. The food was amazing.
Rated China bistro thane has superb food however the worli one is nothing close. The food is mediocre and not as great as the thane one. However the service is great! Lovely staff.
Rated Located right at the junction of Worli Sea Face road and Annie Beasant Road under the flyover. It is good that they have Valet parking. But people beware while travelling from Worli sea face side. There is no left turn at the signal & it's quite tricky. The ambience overall is nice and comfortable. We were just the 2 of us. We started with soup - A prawn Manchow. This did not live upto our expectations. The spices were a bit off. Just to say that I have had better Manchow soups before. Then we asked for Chicken Khowsuey. The portion was large. 2 of us could not finish it. And it was okay - not that great. I seriously think they should concentrate on Chinese food. The name is China Bistro. Why bother serving anything else. Anyways that's just my personal opinion. The billing was a bit cumbersome. The payment for drinks is taken separately. And they have a weird new card machine. The waiter himself was not very conversant with Irani it took us three attempts to make the payment. Overall an ok place for a quite dinner.
Rated Went there on a Sunday for the lunch buffet.... And I have to say I ABSOLUTELY loved it!! Their buffet consists of a complimentary drink, unlimited starters, main course and desserts... For drink we had lemon soda which was really delicious ( I know what you are thinking 'Lemon soda is such a simple drink, what's so delicious about it?' But mind you, if you drink it,you'll fall in love with it too) . For starters they had dumplings,wantons, chicken lollipop , prawns, some kind of fish (totally yummy) and another chicken dish( given complimentary as my mom has fish allergy). Main course was tasty too. Desserts, what they lacked in variety, made up with their absolutely lip smacking flavour. In all, it was an awesome experience. Definitely going there again (and again and again)
Rated Ambiance is classy with a huge indoor and outdoor seating area... Service is prompt even with a huge waiting... Coming to the food... The food is very very spicy and an indianized version of chinese cuisine is served. Taste though good doesnt make up for an authentic chinese dinner.
Rated Even after hearing some negative reviews about this restaurant, my friends and I decided to give this place a chance to satiate our hunger for some Chinese cuisine and to be truthful, they did a good job! This place has ample seating and in all different environments. You can sit outside in their lawn, on the wooden deck, or inside at the bar or at the regular restaurant. We took the easiest pick and selected the regular seating. They have tried to make the place feel Asian, with the lemon grass scent all over the place. A bit tacky but it's fine :P Coming to the food. We ordered some corn water chestnut dumplings and the Chinese potato with chilli, both were tasty dishes. The main course was khao soy which wasn't the best and some hunan pot noodles with exotic vegetables which was up to the mark. It was spicy, filled with vegetables and well flavoured with the hunan sauce. The jasmine tea served on the house is well prepared, not too strong. For desserts, we tried the guava ice cream which was a lot like kulfi and can be skipped. We also tried the chocolate rolls which were really nice. All in all a good restaurant for some Indian Chinese, with a very hospitable staff and a menu which is easy on the pocket.
Rated What once was one of Mumbai's only Chinese places used to be an iconic place. It created a name for itself. It was a lovely place. But what once was, is no longer. It's a sad story for sure. Quality has deteriorated. And it no longer can match its competition. But it will survive due to the special place it holds in the hearts of many. Service: Horribly annoying. Extremely inefficient. They're always on your back wanting to do some work, and when told to, never seem to do it well. No obvious and visible flaws, but minor frustrations can cumulatively be very disturbing. Ambience & Décor: The insides look worn out, as if they're past their zenithal era. You can see the typical oriental vases and paintings, but you can also see the cracks in the walls. Ambience is one of the better things here. Simply because it's without negatives. Food: Easy description- Chinese food with a very heavy influence of Indian, or rather vice versa. VEGETABLE TERIYAKI. Frankly I expected more than boiled vegetables in a thin teriyaki sauce. Not bad but nothing special. SATAY CHICKEN. I could've gotten the name wrong, but a very good dish. The chicken was cooked perfectly, and the garlic was delicious too. PAN GRILLED FISH CHILLI GARLIC. Quite average. Fish certainly wasn't fresh. And it had a very roadside feel to it, which I didn't like. The red coating of it, was quite bad. DRAGON SPRING ROLL. Actually quite nice. The chicken had some spice, and was cooked well, as was the actual roll. I enjoyed this. CHICKEN MALAYSIAN NOODLES. The chicken was too small but cooked well. The noodles a little over cooked but still nice for flat noodles. It wasn't too bad frankly. VEGETABLE BURNT GARLIC FRIED RICE. Garlic was absconding for most of it. Too many vegetables, more pulao. Rice wasn't fried, at least didn't seem so. A good dish, but not what we ordered. BABYCORN WITH SPINACH AND MUSHROOM. Not bad. Not bad at all. A simple dish, but well made. Not enough gravy though. SHREDDED CHICKEN CHILLY. Great stuff. Only complaint here would be too much chicken. But it was brilliant in taste. I loved it. Desserts: HONEY NOODLES WITH VANILLA ICE CREAM. This is the only place where I have enjoyed honey noodles. And I've had several. This speaks a lot. SPIKED LYCHEES were extremely uniquely, and I'm guilty of loving it. If you like fruit, you'll love this. SIZZLING WALNUT BROWNIE WITH ICE CREAM. Average. All the components were mediocre. Drinks: All were really good. PINACOLADA. Amazing. I enjoyed it immensely. Two ICED TEAS, namely, PEACH and BLACK CURRANT. Both were flavourful, refreshing and tasty. The latter wasn't liked by all. Flora was a place that everyone loved. And it's not that we've stopped loving it, it's just that there are other places that are, sadly, lovelier. Nothing against you if you still adore it, but you have to admit that Flora belongs to yesteryear.
Rated One of the oldest and well known Chinese restaurant located in worli near seaface. The taste and quality is kind of ok ok. Not that great. Quantity is quite good. Ambience is also good. Service I found bit slow even though the restaurant is not that crowded. It has a name but I feel if they try to maintain a good name by provide more of quality food then it would be awesome.
Rated This is a legendary restaurant which has been here in worli for almost past 5 to 6 decades. Flora has become a landmark @worli. The restaurant is near by worli seaface . Coming to business 1. Dynamite chicken : white chicken tossed in herbs was realy dynamite and appetising. 2.chicken crispy dry red chilly : tasted average . 3. Chicken shanghai rice : was delicious perfect in taste and spicy 4 caramel custard : wasn't that extra ordinary The ambiance was great, with all the hustle going around in Worli ; you just feel quite n peaceful when you enter in. Service was great the staff were really helpful in going through their menu. If you are a Worli-kar then this is a must try out restaurant just for the sake it has been part of Worli like forever !!!
Rated Loved this place! Simple,sweet n cool 😊 Good Chinese restaurant 😍 will always choose this place over China bistros !! The ambience is good 👌 We were two of us n ordered chicken dynamite & crispy chicken dry red chilli in starters. We liked dynamite chicken n crispy chicken dry chilli was ok ! In main course we ordered chicken Shanghai rice which was good too. Also we ordered caramel custard in desert which was too good 😍 Overall good experience !! Thumps up to this place! Will love visiting this place. 😊 Raj S Patil
Rated This restaurant has been there for a long time and the dining experience for two outing of mine has been good. Mainly for the fact that the chinese cuisine served here has a good taste and does not leave a bad feeling on the tongue and in stomach like typical chinese food in local restaurants do. Yet the food is not even bland. Service is great. The restaurant gives a proper fine dine feeling. It has valet parking which is a boon in that area. Somewhat expensive but the food is nice no doubt. Have ordered exotic vegetables in teriyaki sauce in starters, noodles, malaysian flat noodles till now and all have been good.
Rated This has to come under legendary restaurants .. Guess 1967 it opened and nothing has changed. The owner is 85+ i was told yesterday , who opened this place. He still visits which is amazing. The moment you step in , it will take you down memory lane. I used to visit this place often but that was maybe a decade and a half back. Its pricey portion size very good and we were two and ordered : Chicken Mun-Chow - was good. (Rs220) Chicken Pepper Salt - nicely done , very good portion size , just about perfect with the flavours.(rs 385) Chicken chilli fried rice - lacked that taste , had to add all the possible sauces available to get it correct.(Rs 430) Now these prices are a bit high compared to the food and the ambience but just that one off nostalgic feelings ... would i recommend ? well if you want to get back some memories - do visit. prithvishashar.wordpress.com
Rated In the last 6 months, I would have heard about flora Chinese from atleast a dozen mumbaikars, who've spent their childhood here swearing by how this used to be the only awesome place in this vicinity of worli. The food now served here is in purely indian chinese style. I was enthused when i walked in I found empty dining tables so I thought "the food must be good." No frill menu-straight forward food items. We started with manchow & sweet corn soup then went to appetizers with paneer in barbeque sauce, spring rolls & crispy potatoes with chilly onions. Then we went into main course with classic Fried rice with Manchurian gravy along with Fortune(Flat) noodles. We closed with a dessert sizzling brownies & Bailey's Irish cream. The service is good & they do ensure your comfortable and well looked after. Well to sum it up this is certainly not the flora of yore, it serves the basics in good quantities and fills your stomach but unfortunately does not satisfy your heart!
Rated Flora wantd to try this place since long. Went to hve their chinese. Food ws good and quantity ws sufficient for two people. Started wid sweet corn chicken soup, next had flora pepper chicken I dont like spicy food so the waiter suggested sumthing which ws non-spicy. Full wid these two items and couldnt hve more chicken so for main course ordered the veg fried rice. Service ws good bt the disappointment for me ws d pricing. It ws overpriced as compared to other chinese places.
Rated Flora is one of the oldest Chinese restaurants in Mumbai. Thought to try it out and must say it was quite a disappointment. We called for the Spicy Seafood Soup which had too much seafood and less stock which made it nothing soup like. The Dynamite Chicken was truly a dynamite of spices.Too hot to handle.The Chinese Garlic Naan also was a not worth the order. The only plus point was the simple Chicken Pot Rice which was hot, well cooked and tasty. Overall the restaurant needs to improve the food taste to keep up to its name.
Rated Serves different types of thali and its good but not so much preffered by me to have it....cheap....space less kind of qsr..................
Rated Udipi a very known brand in mumbai. Providing south indian, fast food and north indian. Its a small non-ac place which serves a quality food and a affordable rate. Every weekend i visit this place for lunch. Its opposite old passport office. And is preferred by office ones more.
Rated Its worse than new modern cafe which is next door......they have existed for centuries but over time the customer base has dwindled go to sadanand or gypsy worth the little extra trek
Rated Perfect Udupi joint. Great South Indian food. The onion rava is a must! The juices are good too. Please refrain from punjabi food. They don't do it well (for obvious reasons). Very decently priced. Perfect for snacks and quick lunches. Also, the Maharashtrian snacks are done well too.
Rated Enjoy the fresh air at worli sea face on Sunday morning and go for a breakfast at UDIPI. One of the nicest upidi resturants in worli Serving from long time. It's normal udipi restaurant but a huge fishtank grabs the attention. The food is good especially the mendu vada it's one of my favourite appetizer. Ganesh shetty the owner of this resturant is very humble, well spoken guy.
Rated The name sets expectations especially to south Indians like me. But it fails to live up to the standard set by the rest. The south Indian dishes are not even nearly as authentic, but me and friends end up going there for dinner quite often. Why? It's cheap. For people living away from their family this could serve as a go to place for quick light south Indian meal. Though I would recommend sadhanand coffee house which is pretty close by and has the same prices.
Rated One of the easiest place to find in Mumbai would be a south indian restaurant. They have been here for a very long time. Well, because they are really that good. Udipi is just another restaurant which has been serving the people of worli for a very long time. Although it is not a very big place it still contains a big fish tank with variety of fishes which will always drag your attention. The service is 'Okay' and food is really nice. The medu wada and a tea is what I usually order in here because both the items are really nice. But north indian food of Udipis is also nice and worth you money.
Rated If you love south Indian food this is the place - not much on ambience but food taste really awesome. Dosa's are the best. They do serve Punjabi dishes as well - they too taste well, however order it if you don't mind oily food
Rated My childhood favourite snacking point, its very close to old house in worli and have been a frequent customer those days along with my colony friends. Rava malasa dosa , dahi wada has been my all time favourite those days , I do vist now as well when old friends meet up. I recommend this to all as a decent snacking point.
Rated The place is good at its location but according to food it's a bit low I would prefer eating somewhere else because there is too long waiting over there and even the table available for people is less.To have business meeting with foreign clients it's the perfect place.Too costly and according to me it's not worth also. I just rated 5 because of the location u can watch the Nariman Point completely and the breeze over there a pluse point
Rated Very best memories attached to this place. Love the ambiance very futuristic, very hi tech n glam like hk or Japan. Love the wind controls glass they have. Very tastefully done. Masterpiece of architecture. Love the exclusive signature dishes. They as tasty as they look. Beautiful experience to be here.
Rated Amazing Sky Lounge. Superb setup, nice music, good food & drinks, & a mesmerising experience is what you get @ Aer. It gives the same feel like Sirocco Top Bangkok, just smaller in size. Well setup at rooftop of Mumbai Four Season Hotel, it gives a breathtaking view of Mumbai Coast Line.
Rated I've been going to Aer from the time I couldn't really afford Aer. Was sort of a bombay ritual with a friend when I was visiting until I shifted here and now it's a ritual for all friends who come to visit me:) Reason for going back - well the view is quite lovely*don't get the better or worse comparisons with other rooftops-good view remains a good view* The place is ideal for sundowners, more so for the happy hours operating at the same time. Drinks are hit and miss- the Indian Mule and Mai Tai are worth repeats. Food wise we usually do not order but the flat bread pizzas are a safe bet. Best part for me is the music- house/lounge/ambient goes perfectly with the evening breeze and drinks. Except for the slippery white bar stools and the 'other' non sea facing side - the place is a safe bet for a great evening. Book a table and be on time. AER has major high life feels- total recommend for anytime feel good vibes.
Rated One of the best experiences I have ever had – food, drinks, service and ambiance all were top notch. We reached the Four Seasons Hotel at 5:15pm and were guided towards Aer Lounge, we were then shown around. We chose a seat next to the Bar which had its advantages – View of both the sea face and the Mahalakshmi race course and got a view of the bartender mixing drinks; and disadvantages – the seating next to the bar is not the most comfortable if you plan to spend a few hours. The waiters asked for our last name and addressed us on a last name basis. As soon as we were seated we were brought a tray of masala nuts and the menu. Service – The waiters were ready to explain each dish and help us make a selection, they were willing to take pictures, they made us feel comfortable and kept checking on us frequently even though the crowd started growing. Food/Drinks – We ordered the Mumbai Masala Pizza which was filling and had a taste similar to that of sev puri. We had The Joker, the Jamaican Punch too and the Gramona Imperial Champagne – all of which tasted really good. Ambiance – If you manage to come around 5:30-6:00 you will get to see the complete Mahalaxmi race course and also watch the sun set and sip on your drinks in a breezy evening. Once the sun sets you get to see the Mumbai nightlife and the famous purple lights of the Aer Lounge Bar. The place might seem expensive at first but after experiencing it firsthand it seems totally worth it.
Rated Superb view and wonderful weather. The staff is attentive and the items are expensive. We just had beers so cannot comment on cocktails but we tried two food items. The pomfret was fantastic, one of the best I have had and the salmon was pathetic - too salty. Go there early and you can get a nice seat to enjoy the view.
Rated It's an incredible view from this rooftop bar of the Four Seasons hotel. Perfect spot to enjoy the sunset and to feel in top if the world. They do have a happy hour from 5 to 7pm (not 8pm like mentioned here on Zomato)... Unfortunately you can't book a table but we were lucky to get a place when we reached by 6 30ish. gwendaglocalista.com
Rated Another must go place with your beau... Classy place great music and good food perfect for a dinner date... Definitely on my "Must try" list!
Rated The best view of sunset is what you get here. This open air top floor bar is a great place to be on a windy evening. The drinks, the ambience, the crowd is amazing. Walk in here just to gaze at the sunset, see the city skyline changing, enjoy your drinks and as the evening progresses get into the groove and shake a leg to the DJ's favorites.
Rated This place is in vicinity of my home and we are regular customers of theirs. But to be honest I liked the old decors of theirs , the new ones are not that impressive. This restau made it's name of for its food quantity and quality but since renovation their quantity has lessend . We ordered chicken soy wine chilli which tasted fantastic , fish finger another delight, Russia chicken salad which was too sweet. For main course we went for murgh jartari and prawns Masada , both were okayish . The service was good and the ambiance was dull but we enjoyed our food here. This restaurant is value for money
Rated Bumped here as I was searching an end to the Worli Sea Face to go to the other side - same name :) went there for a quick dinner !! And yes I came for the second time again. Impressed by the service , maybe I was lucky but it did happen with me. Real good staff and quite ambience. Corner tables are great for couples. Food was good too - paneer was all that I had both times and that was good. Dal was good with the tadka - also the naan's are cool on proper cooking - small yet important detail !! Will be special for a reason more than mentioned !! Aedios
Rated Only restaurant in worli sea face vicinity which provides delicious non veg. As this joint is our daily Saturday lunch point as its opposite to my office. Must try their non veg kebabs all are well prepared with right amount of spices which gives every dish a different taste. Quick service & Pocket friendly rate with good quantity and quality.
Rated Welll the service is decent! We tried unconventional dishes like combination rice, burnt garlic rice and thai fried rice. Combination rice was best of the lot. Soup was below par. Paneer lehsuni tikkha was poorly marinated. In terms of main course we had paneer lahori which was just abive average. OVERALL VERDICT : SLIGHTLY OVERPRICED BUT QUALITY IS GREAT
Rated The place was a bit hard to find. The staff was helpful but a bit reserved. The decorations and everything were serene. Food was good. I had problems with Reshami kebab as it was chewy and a bit red. Lollipop was good. It's batter was tasty. Try its Ghost Biryani. Chicken Satay and Crispy has amazing quantity.
Rated The Lucknowi tag successfully hoodwinked me ! I placed an order expecting a fragrant Dum style cooked Biryani but what I got was a spicy as hell and oily one with not so good cuts of meat unfortunately. Sad that there is no Lucknowi style Biryani on an order-in besides Kakori house and it too could do with better cuts of meat. The Awadhi Korna too did not pass muster.
Rated One fine afternoon, I was bored and hungry ( as per the course for most people in office). I'm a biryani addict, so I searched for all highly rated restaurants in Worli Prabhadevi area, which would deliver tasty biryani. I chanced across this page, where customers sang paeans to its chicken dum biryani. Adventurous me, decided to order. Result, average. The rice was nicely flavored, chicken pieces succulent and soft. But what could have been an awesome eating adventure, fizzled out to an average one, only because of the salt (why so much salt, sea corner)? Sigh.
Rated At the entrance , you will be bowled over by the strong breeze , so many people waiting for their table booking raises the expectations too - clean ambience , friendly staff to greet. The food was the best of all. Lemon coriander chicken soup, veg monchow and chicken shorba soup were the perfect entree, paneer tikka and bbq chicken chilly were delicious too. Main course of mix veg kadai, jalandari murg tikka masala were one of the best preparations I had , naan, rotis were soft and well cooked , chicken Biryani was just yummy as well. All dishes were brilliant , one of the best eating experiences, highly recommended.
Rated Well the problem with worli is that there are either these age old cheap restaurants or really expensive fine dining. Of the few in between I guess this is the only good one.. Though Located right next to the sea face its never that crowded. I've only chicken here (not a fan of seafood) which is quite nice and I would recommend the jalandhar style chicken. Worth a visit!
Rated We were at that side of the town. A lovely evening at a concert and then we suddenly realise that there's very less time left for dinner as all the restaurants are nearing the closing time. We quickly decided to go to this vintage Indian restaurant famous for great North Indian food before it's too late. We did have to wait for a short while before we got a seat and had a quick dinner. Things we ordered were Murg Kali Mirch Chakori Kabab Dal Maharaja Jeera Rice And there's this huge Masala Papad like dish called Masala Butter Roomali which is actually a large dried Roomali which looks like a Papad but actually tastes like a Roomali. Have I confused you enough ??!! But believe me it's worth trying My overall rating is 4.0 and the element wise breakups are as follows Food - 4.5 Service - 4.0 Ambience - 3.7 Value for Money - 4.0 Overall - 4.0
Rated I've been here way too many times and the buffet has never disappointed me .. A family place with decent variety that tastes delicious each time you visit. Usually packed on weekends and a lot of office crowd during weekdays for its VFM lunch spread. From its chaats to kebabs and its butter chicken to desserts - everything is well worth the calories.
Rated I have been visiting this place for last twenty years and must have visited at least 30-40 times - lunch, dinner, group get together - buffet, a la carte - Indian food, other cuisines etc etc... The food is consistent and always good.. I think the taste is awesome - the spices used is great - Copper Chimney is a legend brand and will always remain to be a top brand for North Indian cuisine in Mumbai. We tried dal, mix veg handi today... Service is generally good. Staff courteous. Pricing is decent - 400 per head for two course a la carte today.
Rated Copper chimney at worli are one of those resturants where you keep going for a perfect family meal every now and then. This place has been there for years and the food and service has never dissapointed me. Getting a table takes time during weekends but its worth the wait.love there food my fav is fish rahara and the kebabs.
Rated This surely is the mother of all restaurants for me. Right from the time I was a kid and this restaurant used to be 200 meters away from where it is now I have been going here and have never ever had a bad experience in maybe at least 200 times. The service is always good. This was the first restaurant to have open kitchen with glass and I remember getting fascinated as a kid by the chef making roti by throwing it up in the air. In those days this was the only restaurant serving rumali roti. Right from Ab e hayah soup which is a different soup to any vegetables you just cannot go wrong here. My favourite here is Jalfrezi but belive me everyone in the city has there own favourite vegetables here be it panner tikka or the plain palak. The black dal is also extremely good. The veg Biriyani is my all time favourite here which just melts in the mouth. Besides the rumali and other breads it's worth trying the kabuli Nan which is a big sweet and comes with dry fruits. One is enough for a family of four. The quantity of portion is big. Even today 3 of us could not finish 2 vegetables and we were hungry. Last but not the least in sweets there Firni is wow. Also a special mention for the green chutney they serve which I bet you will finish a whole bowl with papads and onions. They have many branches now but still this one is the original and special one. I have eaten in a lot of the branches but the food is best here.
Rated It's a nice , classy place to have lunch or dinner. The food they serve is pretty good. The service is quick and the ambiance is great. Overall it's a pretty decent place.
Rated Copper chimney - Great expectations meet sad expectations. I was thrilled by its name and kind of description I heard about it from a very good friend so went up to give it a try. It was Monday and all I've got there was perhaps a stale food. Was not even an average experience but a very bad one to tell all the copper chimney lovers and fans. The starters had very less variety and not so great taste as expected or boasted of. The soup was good and the chat counter was commendable with not so monotonous chat from Bombay. Main course - 2.5 stars. The main course added to the disappointment caused by starters with very less variety and stale paneer sabzi. Only thing worth having was mushrooms! Which prompt me to rate them with 2.5 stars for the main course. Deserts - 3 stars. Let me mention that the deserts here served are very few as compared to any other place serving buffet. It gains 3 stars mainly on its variety of mango based sweet dish. This spared me the horror of having a bad experience to an average one. I would say please do not go by its famous name as it has failed to keep up the standard after creating a snob value to its name. Copper Chimney
Rated CC - very popularly used abbreviation for Copper Chimney !! This is one of the best branches & next comes the kala ghoda branch. Decor : simple & classy The bells in the waiting area are really beautiful. Waiting area also boasts of a collage of some celebrities who visited this place. The walls in the dining area are done up with some fancy vintage looking vessels. Food : Must Have - crispy roomali served with a bowl of chutney (kachumber is optional & chargeable) Achari Paneer ( superb ) Dal Maharaja ( CC speciality ) delicious & comes in a good quantity. Mirchi ka salan ( superb flavour ) Paneer Kolhapuri (veg. Kolhapuri with Paneer) spicy & yummy. Roomali rotis (just perfect) Vegetable Briyani (Perfect) relished every bite !! Desserts : Gulab Jamun with Rabdi (sinful) Kulfi falooda (yummm ) CC is also well known for their wide buffet spreads. Worth it. Salads to chaats to main course to desserts - Perfect. Full marks. Reservations Mandatory. This place gives you one of the best dining experience. Vegetarian North Indian food at its best !!!!! This place keeps calling me. Loyal foodie !!
Rated One of the better places in town to have buffet. i have been there regular customer because the food quality has remained the same(almost) and the service is also very prompt and professional. You might have to wait for sometime as its generally full..
Rated Perfect place to go to, if you're someone who goes out on a regular basis. Not-too-expensive alcohol, extensive menu, great food and awesome service. Location makes it accessible from all parts of Mumbai!
Rated The lunch I had here with my friends was one of the most memorable moments we have had together. The service, quality of food and the ambience offered was brilliant. The location of the restaurant is also perfect!!
Rated Good place. And the food is awesome. Don't forget to try their Chicken Tikka Biryani! And the decor makes u feel like a 1900s sailor! Nice place to eat and drink but quantity is very less.
Rated Visited this place for a friends birthday. As its a restrobar its not too likely for people who are only thr to eat to feel great about this food. Average food .
Rated Waited for over an hour for home delivery of very average food... Had heard a lot about this place but they certainly didn't live upto their reputation last Friday.
Rated Excellent service with good staff. good place to dine and drink near by house .veg is way much better then nonveg .visited more thn 10 times
Rated Usually a great place to dine. they are good with Indian food. Sea food is a specialty over here. You can even stop for few drinks but dont expect high profile service or quality of food. Its a normal mid level family restaurant.
Rated Location : Near Flora, Worli Near Subway,Worli and above Sadhanand Food : Always loved the food here !! Tasty and less oily.. Try any dish and you will love the preparation here Service : The service provided is excellent.. They make sure you are comfortable
Rated Looks good but serves pretty average food at an OK price. I visited Mumbai, stayed in Worli and heard that it was amongst the best restaurants. Ordered fish which turned out be mediocre. The Dal was also just good enough to go past your throat. However, the crowd and the ambience was good enough. Not disappointed but neither happy as well.
Rated And Chillies happened to be my favourite place to order in from thanks to the fact that both my residence and office were located in Worli for more than a year. Considering it was just me, I've only just ordered the soups, appetizers and the one bowl meals... never the a la carte main dishes. In the appetizers I really like the dim sums and the asian cilantro chicken. The dimsum soup is also hale and hearty for those days you're feeling unwell and want some comfort food. I've had most of their bowl meals and have enjoyed all of them - burnt garlic and khao suey especially (the latter happens to be my favourite). Their portions are extravagant and they never compromise on the veggies and accompaniments. Delivery is prompt and the staff is well mannered and helpful on the phone. Highly recommended for home delivery.
Rated So I've ordered from the mahim outlet of and chillies several times and there the food was amazing so I decided to order from the worli outlet of it since it's closer to home. I was kind of disappointed. The delivery service was on time. No issues with that. I ordered a fish Asian Cilantro which would've tasted better if there were more salt in it. The veggies in teriyaki sauce was perfect and nice in flavours. I ordered a chicken chilly garlic rice which was good but nothing very great about it. Salt was less again. Another rice i ordered was the Bangkok rice (chicken) it was light and nice with the aroma and mild taste of basil. Salt was less here too. I think they could improve on a lot of aspects.
Rated A very small outlet at worli..nevertheless the food is awesome. Chinese, Thai, Burmese or Indonesian...they serve super taste. The service is pretty good and they have a decent menu spread as well. The owners are usually based at the outlet and handle things perfectly. They have another outlet at mahim which is bigger in size. Laksa soup is my favorite
Rated Crab soup - one of the best in town .. I've ordered so no rating on ambience. But good packaging and quantity. Its more like an Indian Chinese restaurant but more on the Chinese side.
Rated The oriental aromas get out from each dish they serve , the dimsums are soft ,the Korean and Vietnamese chicken is good as well as the the the mains .
Rated Don't really know how the restaurant is as we ordered in, but considering I am not a big fan of Chinese food, I did like it. We ordered ample variations of noodles for lunch today at work - Eggs Sichuan, Chicken Burnt Garlic, Chicken Chilli Garlic and Prawns Hakka Noodles Considering this is close by, we got someone to pick the food up and our parcel was ready to be picked in 20 mins. So thumbs up at that. Neatly packed in foil containers and named with labels with proper packets of requisite sauces - it was all in all a good experience Food was tasty and the rates are quite reasonable. Definitely worth a try :)
Rated One of my favrouite place to order from. Their joint at worli is really small yet I like it. I have eaten there many times and ordered delivery even more. Their food, be it veg, paneer, chicken or prawns, all are very appealing to my taste. Delivery is prompt as well. Staff is friendly. Not a big place to sit and eat yet food is delicious.
Rated I think this Maroosh has made me fall in love with chicken tikka again. Amazingly soft chicken correctly marinated with curd and tikka masala. I m ordering from this maroosh again.
Rated Ordered the classic chicken and thr chicken tikka shawarma.. Both were really good.. Also the beetroot was given separately which was a good thing to see as I don't really like tht in my shawarma.. Was delivered quickly as well.. Would recommend you to try it out sometime..
Rated Highly reduced in quality of meat,presentation and general freshness. Though they had a makeover and came back with fresh ingredients and a bigger menu, after the first month of promoting themselves and opening in several locations it seems the quality didn't survive the dilution of the business. Employees aren't well trained, delivery is often late/ and men often rude. Many miscommunications between the staff lead to late meals, messed up orders and no change when you need it. Avoid- download scootsy (if you don't live in colaba) and order sufra, same sometimes cheaper prices - way better quality and taste far more authentic
Rated A quick pit stop before heading for a movie and we were 4 of us thought of trying a couple of extra dishes on the menu from what i normally do. Paneer Shawarma - cottage cheese, lettuce, fries,pickled topped with garlic sauce. an all time favourite and has a good taste to it - must try. Veg Falafel -mildly spiced falafel baked, mixed with hummus, garlic sauce, topped with pickles - was perfectly made juicy as per my taste - winner. Garlic Hummus - Quantity a bit less but has the consistency , nice blend of chickpeas , tahini , spices , olive oil and paprika served with Pita bread . Tandoori Aloo - baby potatoes marinated with yoghurt spiced and cooked in tandoor , served over a tandoori roti - Must have . awesome. Mutton Sheek - my favourite dish at maroosh , highly recommended . juicy lamb cooked barbecued on skewers . served with a Roti onion and the green chutney which is YUM ... MUST TRY. Anyone loves Spicy food veg or non veg go for either the Paneer Bhuna or the chicken Bhuna , the gravy is the same but it is Spicy . we had paneer bhuna ( cottage cheese in dry gravy ) I had never tried the Biryani , opted for Veg Dum - ok nothing great , could have been better . Overall Maroosh has always been a great place to either go for Lebanese or north indian . Service is fast and not heavy on the pocket . 1100 for 4 not bad ( also asked for breads and coke) at the end satisfied . prithvishashar.wordpress.com
Rated The place has no dine in section was the greatest disappointment. About the place the place is just opp lady Ratan tower in world and caters Lebanese cuisines. The serve variety of rice and Shawarma. Food: ordered for Panner Shawarma @Rs. 145/-. The Shawarma was nice with fries Panner mayo and veggie such as lettuce carrot and beet. The taste was good only problem was it was cold by the time we got it home. Service: cooperative and alert staff where quick in their service.
Rated Online ordering is the norm of the day and keeping the trend alive we placed an order on Scootsy.com for the following : 1) Paneer Shawarma: nicely stuffed with paneer , lettuce , pickles and garlic sauce ... However was a tad bland and more spice could have made this dish a winner 2) Paneer Makhani Roll: yummy paneer stuffed in Roomali roti ... Well made and must have 3) Veg Biryani: good portion for 2... Tasty biryani... 4) Paneer Tikka: soft chunks of marinated paneer with just the right spices... Inspite of delivering at Opera House from Worli the food was warm ... Kudos to That !!!
Rated Fastest delivery, consistent quality. I've ordered from maroosh multiple times now and the worli outlet is definitely on top of its game. The food comes even faster than dominos and their rolls (which are my favourite) are consistently tasty. Maroosh started out as shawarmas only but now offers Indian rolls too along with other main dishes. The falafel wrap or chicken shawarma are my favourites which I order usually with a hummus bowl (yummy and just the right amount of garlic) or the falafel salad. The malai paneer wrap is also decent if you're into paneer :) Overall, for the price and the product on offer, maroosh is getting is right.
Rated Had some important work in mahalxmi near the "Famous studio". So happened to visit the studio yesterday and the time was around 2 I.e. peak noon hours. Hunger strook ignoring to look at the time and understanding the situation. Noticed this very outlet of Maroosh besides five fat monks. Having visited five fat monks earlier in linking road vicinity of bandra,and never tried out the Lebanon flavours at MM Maroosh the decisions was pretty clear. We opted for maroosh. Lebanese taste buds tingling. A tiny outlet keeping hygiene constraints in mind is a plus point. Having small eatery area like a semi compound with tables n chairs was convenient and lucrative for most. Ordered Chicken Seekh Shawarma and a Paneer Shawarma from here. We could clearly visit the preparation of our shawarma. In no time pur Shawarma were ready. Customer satisfaction is very much guaranteed is what I could say. Speed,conversation everything was spot on with good staff being appointed. The Shawarma were absolutely amazing!! Could literally say that the one of the best ever Shawarma I had so far. The prices made it all the more appealing in the value for money aspect. Presentation was neat with tissues being provided and Shawarma being served in wooden baskets. Corporate crowd being prominent there. The outlet is easy to spot and is recommended for Shawarma lovers like me who crave for some Lebanon Aura in vacant cabinets of ones palates. Service 4/5 Ambience 3.5/5 Value for money 4.5/5 Repeat value: 4/5 Shawarma: 4.5/5 Cheers! Ganpati Bappa Morya :D
Rated So this is new one in worli. Khar outlet is better than this one but stil worths a visit Ambience is good and staff is just awesome and their outfit is so cool. Service is somewhat slow.the food is really good. Been here 2 times onc for breakfast and onc for lunch. I just loved the food.
Rated This place is located at worli where Spices and Flavours was just a few years back. It's got a bar and chill environment. We went here in the morning for breakfast as they had a pretty interesting menu. We were the first ones there on a Sunday morning, the ambience was really good and the staff was excellent. But what we found not upto the mark was the food, which killed our whole experience. The peanut butter jelly sandwich had so much going on and it did not have the right proportion. The paneer Bhurji toast was just bad, they need to change this from their menu. The only thing I found different and good was the cinnamon latte, it gave you a cappuccino taste with a touch of cinnamon in the end.
Rated It is smaller than its Khar counterpart but I like the vibe here more! A cozy dinner and drinks plan at Lighthouse Café with friends. It wasn’t exceptional but it wasn’t a letdown either. They did not have some of the beers listed on their menu which was a tad disappointing. I became an immediate fan of their LED Sangria! I have rarely ordered the same mocktail multiple times but of this particular one, I just couldn’t have enough. Food was scrumptious. The fries were fine. The enchiladas were actually quesadillas (but tasty). I can’t remember which chicken starter we ordered but it was succulent nonetheless. The Nasi Gorang Rice was the star dish of the evening! The cheesecake for dessert was lackluster. Now to other important details. It was relatively full even on a weekday (next day was Ambedkar Jayanti). The servers were helpful and super attentive. The seating option limited and not extremely comfortable. The music loud, but not too loud. I liked the décor but the place is small. Better book a table for weekends. All in all, you could come here have a nice time but it won’t blow your mind. I would rather try a new place than go back to Lighthouse.
Rated Have been here twice for lunch now - food is really good, the salads especially. They also make an amazing cold coffee! The staff is really warm and very efficient. I wanted my salad changed up a bit and they were more than happy to make it for me. Love the decor too. Will definitely go back here!
Rated Few points to keep in mind through the course of the review: I was the only one who doesn't drink, amongst about 15 of us. The bill was about 25k. Now I shall begin. It's a great place. In fact, it's a very special place. I can't possibly overstate this. If you like to move or groove, or eat, or drink or basically live, then this is your place. Service: I don't know if it was the big bill or just how this place is, because we were treated with sheer excellence. Given special attention. A free round of shots. They didn't feel like the were there for us, rather with us. And that's amazing, because I feel like I've made some friends. And that's precious. We were served by a gentleman named Caesar, what a great guy! Ambience & Décor: Gazing into the mirrors, the starry lights, the paintings, and appreciating the overall theme, I can conclude that the décor is great. The music is magnificent, amazing beats. On a scale of 1 to 10, the ambience and décor, would be a 9. Food: The free round of shots included a VIRGIN SHOT for myself, which was pretty decent. Nice gesture, on their part. JERK CHICKEN. I'm not particularly convinced that it had that Jamaican Jerky flavour, but for whatever it was, it was tasty. The chicken tore apart. It was tangy and a little sweet. But at the same time it had some moderate spice. Good stuff. The side salad was brilliant. They were just some leaves in a light yet tasty dressing. MEXICAN NACHOS. The chips were crispy, simple, delicious and somewhat light. Well made. The guacamole was the best thing in the middle. The sour cream was alright, and so were the beans. A major dissatisfaction, there should've been more chips. Or reduce the other stuff (and price). I also had a mocktail, namely, ITALIANO. I expected a drink revolving around Green Apple flavours, but it had just lime, mint and a hint of apple. It certainly wasn't what was promised, but it was a great drink. Others at the table had LONG ISLAND ICED TEAS, RUM AND COKE, JÄGER, TEQUILA SHOTS, and much more. No complaints anywhere. There's something special about everything here. You feel it as soon as you enter. Yes, I like this place. Yes, I want to go back. Yes, I recommend it.
Rated Light house cafe has a nice vibe, love the outfits of the staff ,I don't remember the person who attended us he was a bit bald so sorry to say that but I want to mention him as he was a great help , and the pizza was generously large, and food is yummy in taste you won't be disspointed when it comes to that ,only when I had come , I came for the burgers and was really sad that they serve only till evening . And they even have screening for the matches so thats a plus point .
Rated Situated on Annie Besant Road, Lighthouse cafe is prominently located in Worli. The place is nicely done up and the decor looks appealing and inviting. It has an air conditioned area as well as the larger outside area for the patrons. We preferred the outdoor area as it was spacious and breezy. We ordered Akuri on ladipav, Parsi style burji with Indian bread and Anda gadbad, it’s an omelette stuffed with boiled egg kheema and topped with spicy tomato based gravy. Both the dishes were tasty and were presented in an appealing way. Akuri was one of the best I had till now and special mention to their ladipav which was evenly toasted and was crispy throughout the meal. Anda gadbad had a unique taste and was accompanied by 4 half slices of toasted bread. On our request, they served us fresh watermelon juice. It was tasty and fresh and contained no sugar or preservatives. The service was prompt and our server, Aniket was attentive and co-operative throughout our meal. The staff was friendly and tried their best to make our meal a good experience. On a Saturday afternoon, the place wasn’t crowded but had a decent size of South Bombay patrons. The damage came to about Rs. 600 which was definitely worth it. I’m surely visiting this place again. You should too. Food: 4/ 5 | Ambience: 4.5/ 5 | Service: 4.5/ 5 | Value for money: 4/ 5
Rated This place is where Uzo used to be. I really liked the way they have quirky designs for Tissue paper, A big paper roll for writing messages, the plates in which they serve food, The door handles, the ceiling and many other things. We tried Thin Crust Spice Paneer Pizza, and Cheese me, both of which were good with lot of cheese. Strangely they don't serve Olive oil with Pizzas and you need to pay additionally for that. The Mirch Paneer Tikka roll looked interesting but didn't quite like the taste. It could have been a little more spicy. Pasta in white sauce was similar to one you find at many places. The bartender can churn cocktails to get you grooving. do try few of these as per your liking. Recommended Herbed one. Service was good and its a place you can visit anytime of the day. Although with so many new concepts getting launched in this space they would need to reinvent regularly.
Rated Most wonderful bakery items...toast...jeera butter...must try their Mava cake...cream roll is awesome...Best in the Bakery products...Must visit...
Rated One of the oldest bakeries with the best service and breads. I absolutely love their multi grain bread, which if go at around 845 in the morning is fresh out of the oven and is also sold uncut. Their chutney crossiant and chocolate crossiant are super too! Their khari biscuits are a must buy each time I visit my parents. Our office has made it a point to order all the birthday cakes from here too...they are not just reasonable but super yummy! And the people behind the counters always smiling and friendly . It's one of my favourite places in bombay.
Rated One of the oldest bakeries in South Mumbai, this place caters to an economically diverse population. To put it simply if you like fresh baked goods and reasonably priced this is the place to visit. At all times of the day this bakery is crowded with people buying their daily quota of fresh bread whether it's pav, brun or loaves. Some of the things I love here are khari biscuits, croissants, veg puffs and veg rolls.
Rated This Place has always been my favourite since more then a couple of decades when it comes to bakery . Be it the Biscuits , Breads , rolls , pastries , cakes , snacks .. it lives up to its reputation . Always busy patience is the key ... My personal favourite is the Veg Burger Cheese Croissants Veg Pattice and they have this Veg Schezwan roll which is a must try. Apart from this the Khari are worth trying , always made fresh in fact all the items in the menu are made at the bakery. The Broon both Jumbo and regular are just amazing and goes well with Chai. Try having the cheese Garlic and the masala garlic , its awesome. Cakes are good and one can place an order 25 hours prior if its a kg+ Go for this place is amazing -- yes it opens at 5 in the morning till 11 at night. Wow !! prithvishashar.wordpress.com
Rated As I keep writing that traditional places sans pomp serve better and at a very affordable price. This place is always buzzing from 5am to 11pm. Nice puffs..I love the cheese croissants a lot. Pastries are also good. Pineapple pastry for Rs.40, feels like living in past. All you don't get is seating arrangement and parking. Try going to this place early in the morning for fresh mushroom puffs. I wish they had something for non vegetarians.
Rated One of the finest bakeries in Mumbai. Located in Worli, this place served the best bread. The pastries here a worth try. They also sell mini pizzas and rolls but they are not worth it. The strawberry mousse is must have here.
Rated Mine bachpanwala fav place 😍😍 their cheese garlic bread and breads in d shape of crocodile 😛😛 are just yumm!!! Now too if I go to worli, d first place which I visit after morning walk is this!!! 😍😍
Rated A local Bakery with Full of Varieties.Very good for Chatni Bread, Donuts, Jam Bread, Breads in shapes of crocodile.You can get awesome biscuits also. Very Strategically Located and Will serve all Bakery product needs :)
Rated Anyone whose fond of cakes or muffins should not miss this place....choco-chip muffins here are jussttt d best ones i hav eva had ....thoz choco chip muffins literally melts in ur mouth...just tooo delicious n too yummy...no one can eat just one...atleast not me?????..it also serves othr bakery products n snacks.
Rated This is more or less a regular subway with some seating place. I have been here a couple of times on way back from suburbs. It's nice and clean. Only thing last time they did not have a diet cola. The place is nice to laze in the afternoon.
Rated News: SUBWAY EARNS 50% of Flat profit on every bill. Source: Buzzfeed.com - Get free cookie on every bill, after you fill the feedback. Carry the past bill or Fill it via Mobile while having your meal. - Staff is friendly sometimes. - I was a newbie to SUBWAY world, they helped me for the first time. - I have seen them shuffling Non-Veg Section Sauces. - Inform them before you order NOT TO USE non-veg sections sauces & keep them separate if you are trying only veg. - Prices of Juices are very high. Try Sangam Hotel for that, just next to it. ;)
Rated When on the go it's one of the best option and quick options to go with , want to have a healthy and yummy meal it's a good option to go with , want to indulge can try there chocochip cookies .
Rated Well nothing too great about this subway except for the location perhaps. The staff are not too welcoming & they are always in a rush to finish making your sub even though there is no one else around.
Rated enjoyed eating sub of d day honey oat bread chiken tandoori wid mayo southwest......................................................................................... happy for fresh tasty and healthy food alwys..
Rated Always have full supplies Most friendly staff of all the subway outlets I have visited. They know how to make it best. Overall will change your mind if you have only visited mall outlets
Rated TBK is quite visible on Facebook and Instagram with their mouth watering Raan and Biryani and their huge Thaal photos.Wanted to go there or order home for quite some time, but I guess at that time they were not delivering to Andheri,until day before yesterday I saw those yummy pics again saying that they do infact deliver to Andheri.Made an enquiry on WhatsApp, and Munaf himself called me the next morning on a Friday and I placed my order for a Chicken Tikka Biryani and a portion of Mutton Samosas for Saturday afternoon,which I was told would arrive by 1.15 pm and it DID come on time! Neatly packed in a cute brown paper bag,The Food was awesome.The biryani was utterly divine with loads of chicken and potatoes(which is a must in a biryani,unlike many other biryani places have that one lonely potato) and the flavouring and distribution of spice and spiciness overall was just right.And it wasnt oily at all,something that I dread when I order a biryani. The Mutton Samosas come frozen,and one can either air fry or deep fry them.They were quite neatly prepared and stacked in a row.The filling is nice,light and perfect personally I felt it lacked a bit of a punch..Could have been a bit more spicy or with some more salt.But good,nonetheless. Overall it was an amazing experience from ordering to eating,and I certainly will order again! :) Cheers,TBK :)
Rated Have been to the Bohri kitchen twice and planning my third visit really soon. The place is a paradise for a mutton glutton like me. And while I loved every single item on the menu, my 5 star experience has a lot to do with the unique concept- a homely setting with a huge lunch spread, cooked by an extremely talented mother and served by an equally enthusiastic son :)
Rated If you like non vegetarian food, and if you have any sense of taste, this is the place you have to call for from. Just absolutely finger lickin super tasty food. You haven't eaten good non vegetarian till your eat from here.
Rated I'm so glad that they have started a home delivery service! The food here is truly unique in flavour :-) Mom's love shines through it giving immense joy to the one who partakes of even a single morsel. Not that it's really possible for one to stop at that! I had tried the Bohri mutton biryani some time ago. It was delightful! This time around I ordered a Mutton Khichda and a shammi Kabab biryani. I have to say this is one of the best Mutton Khichdas I've ever had. Truly delicious with really unique flavours that make you want more. It's served with a fresh salad of cucumbers onions and tomatoes. With a little squeeze of lime, your taste buds are well on their way to heaven :-) There is something very different about what this lady can create when she has mutton in her hands! The biryani was served with a tangy chutney of imli Ka paani. Again a unique choice of sides. Did wonders. My mouth is watering at the mere mention of it :-) Hats off to The Bohri Kitchen. Can't wait to visit their home restaurant and experience the real deal :-) Food quality: 4/5 Food quantity: 4/5 Packaging: 4/5 (nice brown paper bag look) ValueForMoney: 4/5
Rated The packaging is very good. The food quality is good too. The only disappointment was the overtly priced Raan. A very small piece for quite a price. The smoked samosas are very good. Did enjoy.
Rated Delicious, fragrant mutton seekh biriyani, smoked mutton samosas and chicken tikka biriyani served with the freshest of salads. The quantities are for big eaters (8 people were fed) and the flavor was never compromised. We loved the classy packaging and have put this on our recommended restaurant list at work. Try out their raan for an extra special occasion.
Rated The oh so amazing n toothsome food...taste, authenticity, the service, the hositality..all.goes hand in hand:) thank u bohri kitchen team for this special treatment:-)
Rated Ordered the smoked keema samosas, mutton seekh biryani and sheerkhurma a day in advance. Got a call next morning that try don't have the sheerkhurma so was little disappointed. The biryani was very good with well cooked seekh pieces but I must admit it could do with more meat in it as there was too much rice. I love Bohri food bit it is quite different from the regular Hyderadi or Lucknawi biryani so it's acquired taste. My bad and I didn't realise the samosas are frozen so we have to fry them. We had some guests home so that took some time but was worth the wait. I see today that the menu has been enhanced so I'll definitely try more stuff in the future.
Rated Always love to have ice cream at Natural...came to this outlet to with office friends to check out the mango flavour for the season...must say it wasn't as great as the berry flavours that were launched sometime back but nevertheless was good and had plenty of mango pieces..
Rated I rarely used to have ice creams but since the time Naturals is opened in Worli, I started loving Ice Cream and especially the Nature Flavoured like Tender Coconut, Mango, Sitaphal, Strawberry etc. It's always awesome to have such real fruit flavours instead of having artificial flavours like Choco chips, vanilla and all. Naturals have made its name and I feel it is better than Baskin Robins which is beside it.
Rated One of our favorite places to go to whenever we are happy, sad or just feel like eating ice cream! The staff is super helpful. Love that they always have the seasonal fruits' ice cream in stock and the ability to mix and match two flavors. All time favorite is the coffee walnut with chocolate chip ice cream! Definitely recommended. foodiesofindia.wordpress.com
Rated if we want to have nice flavoured real fruit ice creams then only place that comes to my mind is naturals.....we order at home almost everyday.....even in winters we crave your ice creams
Rated It's great to know that Naturals Ice Cream is all springing up like mushrooms everywhere. I remember Naturals at Marine Plaza and Dadar Catering and how my family and I really enjoyed going to these outlet and then came Vile Parle East which was our next hub until it shut down quite some time ago and that place is now up with a Cafe Coffee Day. First time visited the Naturals outlet at Worli. My favourite flavours would be the Sitafal (Custard Apple) Ice Cream, Apricot Ice Cream, Roasted Almond and the Coconut Ice Cream, love these flavours. This is like my top chart list. The ice cream is so naturally creamy, love the texture of it, so finally churned that this ice cream actually melts in your mouth. Having this ice cream at any point of season without any reason.
Rated Naturals is Naturals ,there watermelon , tender coconut , malai, chocochip, anjeer,strawberry , custard apple are the best , eveyday no matter what u try they have taste and variety. Go with the mood .
Rated All of us love naturals don't we?? This little joint is the one I go to most coz it's nearby. And like all the other outlets this one too has mouthwatering ice cream
Rated Desi delightful. Naturals is a home grown ice cream brand that I love. They have the best- and widest- range of fruit flavours in ice creams ranging from Chikoo to jackfruit to custard Apple (sitaphal). My favourite though is the tender coconut. It's so mild yet delicious that you can eat the entire 500 ml box! The worli outlet also delivers in a jiffy and the price is reasonable. Ive heard this story about quality control at naturals - one season, the sitaphal quality was not on par so the owners decided to not offer that flavour that season (even though it's the most popular hence profit making flavour for naturals). Here is to putting people before profits! Kudos to doing Indian ice creams well!
Rated Spotted this outlet of Natural Ice cream just exactly when the sweet cravings began to hit really hard. Unpleasant humidity was yet another reason we opted for an ice cream outing. Located quite easily, the outlet was well cooled and ambience neat. Staff was friendly enough to make us feel comfortable. Wanted a peach apricot cup but the staff gradually notified me about its unavailability. So had to settle down with a cups of roasted almond ice cream. Priced at 50 it is moderately cheap and the ice cream quality didn't seem deteriorating by any aspect intact it kind of excelled it. Quantity could've been slightly generous but that can be negligible. Admit it,I scream, you scream and we all scream for Ice Cream :D Service:3.5/5 Repeat value: 34/5 Value for money:3.5/5 Choice of ice cream:3.5/5 Ambience 3.5/5 Cheers!
Rated A different take to the humble and regular icecream. As the name suggests, somewhat feels like one is having a fruit based ice cream. Personal favorites are litchi (seasonal), mango and cheeku. A bright spot is that the cups or the cones are pocket friendly. The fact that it remains open till 12 is an added advantage. Definitely visit it.
Rated A chic ambiance, suave stewards and an amazing menu! The food here is sumptuous and the hospitality unparalleled... The vegetarian biriyani was the best I have ever had. The prices are obviously on the higher side- well, their loyalists don't mind I am sure... As for me, waiting for the next special occasion to splurge!
Rated A really nice place. Ambience is very classy. Service is efficient and food is of very good quality. Tried the Chinese cuisine a few times and also the Indian on couple occasions. Both the cuisines were done very well and authentically! In the Chinese I had tried the Steamed Chilean Sea bass with XO sauce. It was just SUPERB! The fish was gorgeously fresh and the taste ummmmmmm! Whatever this XO sauce was It was just fab! Full marks for the freshness and flavor. Both the times I had ordered this dish and BOTH the times it was absolutely up to mark. The times I did Indian, it was also very good. In the paneer dish the paneer was soft and succulent and the dal was wonderful. The pomfret was good and the prawns were delicious. A definite must try place. Yes it's on the expensive side, but hey! It's FOUR SEASONS :) and international chain that prides itself on quality and CLASS
Rated Ate here last night and have to say it was all delicious. There is a wide range of things of all cultures on the menu which we thoroughly enjoyed-a bit too much probably! Would definitely recommend coming here
Rated I am always up for a fill of Sushi. I loved the excellent quality that was served here. We opted for the Japanese section, obviously as that's the richest cuisine in the world.
Rated Exotic place with multiple options...best food to have during the day time is Japanese lunch box. Very healthy and delicious if you love Japanese food but bit expensive
Rated San Qi was on my wishlist for long long time. But it took a while to learn the correct pronunciation (which i guess i have mastered now!), hence the visit was delayed! Anyways, finally we made it for their exquisite Sunday Brunch. The place was classy and the spread was truly tempting. Indian, Chinese, Japanese, Thai, Italian... and my fellow diner's favourite, Pani Puri!!! Only problem was that the spread continued from ground floor (Indian, Chinese) to the 1st floor (the rest). As we were seated on the ground floor, going up and down was a bit exhausting. The delicacy which the server said that it will reach your table, took more time than the usual. And that was on the same floor as were seated. Just imagine the time it took for the 1st floor! The service was though very courteous and friendly, but slow most of the times. May be coz running up and down is tiring! But we were not in a hurry too, so we took our time and sampled almost every counter. The cold cuts, the breads, the dumplings, sushi, thai curry, roast duck, pork belly, tiger prawns in butter garlic sauce... Even the coolers were great! Pork belly and dumplings deserve a special mention! Thai curry was flavoursome too. As the dessert spread was on the 1st floor (phew!), sadly we couldnt sample all! Among what i had, loved tiramisu! Overall, a must visit once for the wonderful spread!
Rated Seems as if burning a hole in your pocket biases people to write positive reviews. I honestly thought this place was sort of average. I ordered the sushi platter and I found the rice to be rather stodgy. Also ordered the Pork Bao which was quite good and is right up there with the best I've had. Also ordered a dry diced lamb dish which was alright but nothing great. Grey Goose Vodka is always smooth but at 900 bucks a small it does leave a bad taste in the mouth. In my opinion this place is hyped to be better than it actually is.
Rated Just gave a try at this restaurant on a fine Sunday afternoon. We ordered Surmai fry and Chicken Biryani. The service was pretty slow. The food was also not that great. Anyway the dishes are reasonably priced. Overall I will give an average rating for this joint.
Rated Reached this place on someone's recommendation., and I loved this place. Pocket friendly rates, serves finger licking food, perfect taste. 4.5/5. -0.5 for slow service. :P
Rated A decent place near office for a good fish meal in the afternoon. Ambience - okay. Nothing great. Clean place. But glasses do have the smell of fish! Staff - friendly Food - great seafood .. Good fish curry and bombil fry!
Rated After a long week of fish cravings , my aunt suggested me this place. So for me a new place means to check it first on zomato . There were mix reviews , still due to cravings I tried it today . So for food first we ordered masala dosa (crispy , sev on the top of it with tomatoes) , my fresh lime soda ( the drink that I order always in a restaurant ) , surmai fry (spicy , large piece , n tasty , recommended ) Bombay ducks (crispy , mild spicy , deep fried) , surmai thali ( that contains 1 vegetable that was cabbage , sal koi (pink gravy type , found it ok) n rotis with the thali n Dal too., chicken patiyala ( v much recommended , tasty gravy , had an egg in it together ) , dal tadka , prawns masala thali (medium size prawns n tasty gravy ) , neer dosa (not recommended coz I found it v sticky while eating , but as my aunt said it was a perfect neer dosa just the thing was it got cold fast that's y it got sticky ). Ambience : it has outside sitting n inside sitting too. With wooden benches , much better than sitting on chairs. Service was good . Enjoyed the food so much that we ordered Bombay ducks n surmai fry thrice ;-) . Recommended for fish lovers.
Rated Amazinggg food, great new ambience compared to the old Fishland. Still the same good ol' taste. If your a fish lover, the options are many! we settled for a fishland special thali and a crab masala thali. All in all.. just Go! It's not too expensive and every bit authentic.
Rated Nice place just at the corner of Worli Naka going towards Lower Parel. It serves great thalis with five Neer Dosas, a vegetable, sol kadi, rice and gravy. The fish is what we went for though they also have other options like veg, chicken, mutton and eggs. We ordered the surmai masala and rawas fry thalis with Neer dosas. If you dine on either Monday, Tuesday and Thursday you get a 30% discount of your bill amount on that day in the subsequent week on these 3 days.
Rated Recently renovated, fish land has now become the best mangalorean seafood option around midtown. Try any gassi, with neer dosa. And the fish fry is freshest. And don't forget the fish chilli mangy style.
Rated A quiet place which has standard sitting but not exactly a family dining environment. Both quality and quantity are fine and it's nothing extraordinary in terms of taste and the negative point which i felt was that maybe they are little over priced and next time for sure im gonna consider other options in the same band instead walking here again.
Rated Simple settings with great food! The person at the entrance will make sure you are comfortable. Every time you visit this restaurant and they will make you feel the same. Tucked in the small road at Worli Naka, Fish Land is a must visit if you have ever dreamt of eating crab chilly or crab masala! It's the best here. Period! They serve the typical Maharashtrian coastal food but some of the preparations are amazing. Especially you order any thali, it's bound to be good! Neer dosa is a must try! And if you have visited them on a hot summer afternoon, you get the small tiny air-conditioned part of this restaurant to keep you cool and make you enjoy your food! It needs to rename itself to Crab Land!
Rated Really good Indian food. Ordered cheese garlic naans which were awesome. Malai kofta - perfect amount of sweetness. Perfectly spiced. The gravy could do with a little more thickness. But taste wise, good. Butter chicken - a little bit spicy. Not bad.
Rated A very good take-out option, i was a bit skeptical initially ordering from a new place with only delivery option but was recommended this place by a friend of mine so thought of giving it a try. I called them up and asked for their suggestion what would they recommend. For starters we called for Basil paneer tikka and Bharwa mushroom tikka, with paneer makhani and paneer lahori along with paneer bhurji for the mains. Breads consisted of butter and garlic naan. They said it would take 45mins max for delivery, but my main worry was if the food would be warm by the time it reaches. Must say it came well within the said 45mins and the food was still warm and naan were soft too. The quantity is very good and easily 4 people could eat from the order of 2 people and it is very reasonably priced. A must try option is you considering ordering indian cuisine home. It cost us 1000-2.
Rated Another option added on the home delivery list in the worli area. Food is decent and delivery quick. My order was delivered in under 30 mins. Was home alone on saturday eve so ordered a limited spread just a caveat. Ordered a second time. Maintain my initial view. Paneer dish - avg, paneer roll in a tandoori roti- above avg daal - avg. Masala zone @ Shivaji Park is a better option though.
Rated Currently, in Mumbai, Lower Parel is the place where all the star restaurants are concentrated. Many of them fall under the "Must Visit" category of every foodie. I got an email from Milin Gandhi, the man behind Indizza - The Delivery Kitchen wanting me to try out their stuff. Let me spill the beans - Indizza is the STAR Delivery Kitchen that Lower Parel has been waiting for. Take my word on this. A lunch meal for two persons was sent to my residence which very well happens to be way outside their delivery radius. They basically cater to the South Bombay area. Full marks for the packaging since the food was sent in black microwavable containers with stickers on their lids indicating the name of the dish.The rotis and naans were wrapped in aluminium foils. The Boxes contained the following dishes: *Ad Break* (Brother & Sister together): "Masterji, Pitaaji ki patloon ek bilang (quick, coordinated head movement) chhoti kar do" *Eats one Bharwaan Mushroom Tikka* INDIZZA KA BHARWAN MUSHROOM TIKKA - Jo Khaaye.. Kho Jaaye! :P That just sums it all up. The Bharwan Mushrooms were heavenly. Well marinated mushrooms stuffed with oodles of molten cheese. The flavour of ajwain was prominent and really likeable. The accompanying chutney was lovely as well. The box containing this appetizer was wiped clean within minutes. PANEER LAHORI: Thick chunks of tender paneer in a spicy red gravy. This sabzi was absolutely delicious. It had a peppery tinge to it which was fab. This sabzi went very well with the pudina garlic naan. We LOVED the sabzi. CHHOLE BIRYANI: When two of the widely loved dishes collaborate, they're bound to cast a magical spell on you. This was a lovely innovation I must say. The Rice grain was ace quality, nice and long. It had whole spices like peppercorns, cardamom, cloves, etc which brought out the top notch taste. The chhole were perfectly boiled. It was topped with caramalized onions *Drools*. The portion of the vegetable raita was slightly disproportionate when compared to that of the Biryani. We thoroughly enjoyed the biryani. To sum things up, the food is mind blowing. As far as delivery kitchens are concerned, Indizza climbs all the way up to take the top position on my ranking chart. The portion sizes are copious and even though they sent across a meal for 2, mommy dearest also managed to get a share for herself and she was all praises as well. The guys at Indizza, if you all are reading this, you gotta keep sending me meals to Santacruz whenever I order. I do not mind shelling out some delivery charges. I would love to buy a house in SOBO to stay closer to this kitchen but paying for the delivery seems to be an economically feasible option as of now! :P
Rated Yet another mid-range place to order Indian food from. Despite asking for lower levels of oil, the food was quite oily but I guess that's threshold level for this kind of a place. The mushroom bharwan tikka and palak paneer were the more decent of the lot while the Diwani dal was insanely oily and tasteless. The basil chicken tikka was an attempt at innovation - wish the basil favour came through more sharply. The pindi chana was just borderline okay, nothing extraordinary. Ditto for the palak Khichadi. With so many places to chose from, Indizza needs to pull up their socks to get in the game
Rated I waited for the second time, to write a review. The first time I'd ordered achaari aloo which were indeed very tasty, however a little less salt would have been better. Along with that I'd ordered vegetarian hyderabadi biryani which was nice and flavourful with not too many spices. The raita they give alongside is wonderful. Also the biryani is sufficient for two average eaters. The second time I ordered basil chicken tikka which had a nice aroma on the outside but when you took a bite of it you could get a weird smell of the chicken which wasn't quite appetising. The vegetarian shahajani biryani had a lot of vegetables and it was full of flavour. The service is quick as it comes in around 45 minutes. Over all good experience.
Rated Large variety of food on the menu, Good thing is it is not very oily. Recommended dishes are: Bhanjara kofta, ,Dal makhani & shaharjani biryani. Highly recommend!, Amazing food, Will order again for sure. Food did get served hot, ready to eat!
Rated So I ordered today for the first time from this joint after being pleased by their display (photos) and interesting Menu option. I ordered for the Dal Makhani and Basil Chicken Tikka. I must say their portion size was good, taste was the best but......... but the chicken tikka was very salty although it had a hint of Ajwain and aroma of basil. The surprise and delight was the Dal. People Dal Makhani was outstanding even this word will fall short of it. It was very very delicious but it was little salty not as salty as the tikka. So maximum points goes to Dal Makhani it was nearly close to any Dal Makhani of Five star North Indian restaurants. Delivery was quick and it was just in 30 mins.... plus the order taker was patient in answering my queries and taking my order. They also confirm the meat was halal so all the more safe.
Rated Well I have stopped going to Chinese restaurants after I started ordering Chinese from tao9 at lower Parel ..... Now I think I have to stop eating out Indian too...... Indizza truly lives up to the exception of fine indian food delivery service .... Fantastic starters n mains.....sadly they don't sell desserts.... So coming to the food.... Starter of basil chicken which was a fusion of italian basil n malai tikka gives a new dimension to the humble malai tikka we are use too.... The same can be said fr the lasooni paneer tikka too where paneer was soft n garlic flavour was shining through the dish .... Bharwan mushroom was a blast of melting cheese oozing out in each bite loved it .... The Mains were the usual chicken tikka masala slightly on the spicier side ,the way I like it ...not like butter chicken which is sweet.... Star attraction is all what they have starred in the menu One of them is banjara kofta ....it was mind blowing ...with paneer n veggies kofta in a rich cashew gravy.....loved it to the core ....must try ! Dal makhani was apt smooth creamy n flavourful with lots of butter n cream ... The veg shahajani biryani was topped with fried onions n paneer too was present with the veggies ,it had a strong aroma of whole spices true to its name ... Parathas n nan need a special mention as it was NOT rubbery as u get wen order at home ....that was a surprise ! All in all restaurant quality indian dishes......which are neatly packed N delivered on time ! What more can u ask.... enjoy !
Rated Inspired by the ever evolving culinary landscape in India, Brewfer.com in association with HSBC, presented a 10-day food extravaganza from 11th March to 20th March. This fest witnessed participation from more than 100 gourmet restaurants across Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Chennai, Pune and Kolkata. ‘Beyond Flavours’ thereby provided HSBC Credit and Debit cardholders an exclusive opportunity to explore 3 or 4 course set meals at some of the eminent restaurants across the country. As a member of FBAI (Food Bloggers Association, India), I got to be a part of this dynamic experience at Café Nemo, Worli. Café Nemo is a modern and vigorous all day restaurant, with multiple spaces that flow seamlessly in an almost story-like manner, by portraying the story of Captain Nemo, the renowned seafarer in Jules Verne's book. This 2 year-old yellow space sports a vibrant bar section and two dining rooms seizing elements from the nearest fishing village, with fish nets, miniature clay birds and a village mural spread across the expansion in abundance. Equally eclectic was the specially curated menu for this festival. A 4-course menu featuring modern, triumphant dishes from the menu formed a part of this festival. Pickled Lotus Root and Peanut Salad, the first course, made us relinquish our sanity. The crunchy lotus roots conjured every bit of flavour from the citrus-chilly concoction with deep-fried crispy onion and aromatic herbs and the tanginess emitted from the cherry tomatoes. Depth of citrus armored by Tahini and Citrus Grilled Chicken Salad served with roasted almond slivers, pomegranate and greens, it made for a wonderful salad to share. Yakitori is a Japanese type of skewered chicken. Skewering the meat with kushi (a bamboo or steel skewer) grilled over a charcoal fire and typically seasoned with tare sauce (sweetened, thickened soy sauce) forms a part of this style of cooking. Grilled Chicken Yakitori made with tomato tare sauce formed a credible appetizer. The brainy trick was giving it a textbooks perfect tamari & mirin glaze. Tempura Fish Taco with a citrus-chilly slaw and soft tortilla had a wonderful balance of sweet and salty with the not-so-unctuous fish. The superhit amongst the mains included Pan Roasted Snapper with a spicy Assam sauce, egg & scallion fried rice. A swell dish with a rich sauce that complements the fish cooked to almost perfection, it makes for one of Nemo's resolute dishes. Virtuosic brilliance was redefined by the Chef's special glaze that gave purpose to the Spicy Glazed Pork Belly served with pickled cucumber, carrot and pomegranate seeds. There was nothing more vibrant. A dessert that should not be skipped is the Dark Chocolate Pot De Crème with a crème chantilly and almond biscotti. It's this dessert that makes Cafe Nemo a place to re-visit. A dreamy texture of the custard served a silky chantilly and a bittersweet biscotti makes this a top-notch dessert. Apple & Raisin Cobbler with Butterscotch Ice Cream seemed like an effortless and prepossessing dish and made for a rapid sweet end. A great chef at the helm and a rejuvenated menu, enthusiastic diners should grace this place with their presence. Ratings: Food: 4/5 Ambiance: 3/5 Service: 3.5/5 Value for money: 3.5/5
Rated Used zomato to find a place to eat at around worli and chose to go to nemo. Nice ambience friendly staff oddly located but feels fine once you're inside. We went there for dinner not for drinks and well it was really nice I mean not great but really good. The margarita pizza was perfect not too much cheese not too much sauce. I can't recollect the name of the chicken skewer starter I had but trust me you have to try it it's orgasmic. For main I had the five herb roast chicken pretty much like any other herb roast chicken I hated the sauce they have with the cheese mashed Potato was really nice though.
Rated 3 of us visited for dinner last night Being Sunday only 3 tables were occupied ( that would be proof enough about this place) Located on a bylane at worli village, difficult to locate no signs or sign boards available to help navigate through The place is too dark, dingy and has a eerie feeling V ordered Hummus Lotus stem salad Bao Margherita pizza And some Korean rice with vegetables Dessert v had vanilla yoghurt Bao was edible enough Pizza was not crisp at all Waiters were unable to explain the contents of the dishes too Management needs serious introspection Needs to light that place Train staff members And make some edible food Meal was approx 2500 Would recommend all not to visit and waste their time and money
Rated This place is a little difficult to find...so good luck with that, but once you find this cute little cáfe... It'll probably become your place to be. The food is good, though the menu is limited the food is absolutely delicious. The bar menu is kickass and the staff is so very lovely. Overall cáfe nemo is a place I'd go back to.
Rated Cute place, very relaxing ambience and good food. This restaurant is just simple and thats ones of the best things, no over the top rubbish. Its a very good place to take someone on a date if you find someone. The cuisine is mainly based on a variety of flavours which are am absolute treat. The staff is good and think thats all you need to know just go and eat the food you will understand what i mean. Don't forget to try the Hot Truffled Shrimps. #boyfriendapproved
Rated Tucked on a corner, away from the hustle of the busy city Cafe Nemo is a perfect afternoon drinking place. If ever you get done early from work and wantu grab a drink solo or with your bunch around worli, Cafe Nemo is your place. And as an icing on the cake they also have happy hours till 10 pm. Walls painted in shades of yellow,white and brown do well in bringing in a serene vibe to the place. They serve some good cocktails and their sangria is nice and potent. Food and service are upto the mark. Overall it's a good bet for those around worli.
Rated Cafe Nemo is a popular place located in Worli Village! We'd gone here recently for an afternoon brunch from their new Weekend Brunch Menu! It's available on the weekends from 12:30-5:00 pm. The place is one of the hidden gems and is a little difficult to locate unless you know where it is! The brunch menu has a collection of continental dishes, with cocktails and wines. We tried the Huevos Divorcidados,which was an amazing dish. Beautifully cooked skillet eggs, with flavored rice, refried beans and tortilla chips. They've an option of several Sangrias, of which we loved the Sparkling Strawberry one! Desserts available on the menu are the Banoffee Pancakes and the Nutella Stuffed French Toast.Both the desserts were yum! The concept of the Weekend Brunch Menu is an innovative one and we would love to try it again! Also, the staff was exceptionally polite. An afternoon well spent! #FoodholicMumbai
Rated So, we decided to book a table here through Citibank Dinefest for a Sunday night dinner at 690+taxes per person. First of all the location is really awful, I thought this was in some chawl. Difficult to find and you will be afraid if you go in late because it is in a dimly or no lit street. Bad choice. Next when we reached sharp at 8, it was totally empty except for one table. Not promising. Anyhow we got down to ordering - we ordered a chicken yakitori and corn bao for appetizer. We ordered a chicken Beirut and Veg quesadilla for mains. For dessert we ordered apple raisin cobbler and chocolate fondant with coffee ice cream. Appetizers were good and yummy. Loved the sauces also. The quesadilla was okayish with a soggy tortilla. Not too great. My chicken was good, slightly chewy but with an amazing cauliflower puree. Absolutely smashing. The desserts were the best part of the meal though. One thing I hated was the service and the lack of attention to basic hygiene. Twice, we were given dirty plates with lipstick marks and not cleaned properly. Not cool!! Overall an okay place, badly located, okay food and bad service. Avoid if you can!
Rated Food - great, authentic and good variety Cocktails - lovely, alterable and presentable Service - informative, friendly and jolly Ambience - A1, Cute little and well thought Location - tough to figure out, middle of somewhere. A great place to hangout, chill, date. Amazing food - had the hummus platter (yumm), chicken lollypop (spicy but killer) and a whiskey sour ( aptly made)
Rated Well, generally, Dominos isn't a joint you'd write a review on really. Eventually, Saturday nights with a movie and dominos, when you don't want to head out is a must! Along with the pizzas, cheesy-wonders (the big brothers of cheesebursts) have been my favorite. Although I've pretty much liked the salads here too. Currently coveting the chicken tikka salad, with whichever dressings you fancy. I went overboard with mine, but you can keep the dressing light or be liberal with it. That's your choice! Couple it with a nice chilled iced tea, it even makes for the perfect light lunch! PS: Wish they added more chicken to the salad! I was scrambling around for chicken pieces!
Rated This place is the Disneyland of Worli Naka! It is just full of kids, like me & a friend of mine where the only ones who were working professionals. It almost looked like we teachers a school field trip & this is a usual scene here btw. Nothing great typical dominos with their increased prices & more waiting time. Call for pizzas instead.
Rated Prompt service and delivery is on time. Good support staff. Go to place for ordering online when the chips are down and you need food quickly. Quality is standard like all Dominos stores.
Rated Courteous enough to give me food post 11 PM. Love the garlic bread with jalepano cheese dip. Pizza is edible only if hot else becomes very dry n chewy. Cheese burst is my personal favourite with any kind of topping. Tacos surprisingly are yummy specially the chicken one. Very delicious n belly filling. Good value for money too. Choco lava perfect dessert to fill u till the necks. Good in case u not in mood to try exquisite places for pizzas. But I prefer Pizza Hut dinning any day better than this.
Rated Domino's Pizza Pizza here is absolutely good and tasty. They take maximum time for preparing and one can have a drive over the sea link and come back till then the pizza will be ready. The veg pizza are ok but the non veg pizza are superb. The delivery takes about 40 to 45 mins. Overall the restaurant is great but the service needs to be improved. The place is always crowded and the delivery or the order is possibly delayed. Mostly on busy days People skip the place and drive to other outlets of domino's down town. Mixed opinion overall. Adding photo of a pizza order few days back.
Rated Service was quick! we got 4 large pizzas officedelivered within half hr, even though the time constraint was not applicable. The double cheese pizza, was as good as normal margherita only. also the veg extravaganza wasnt half as good as the double cheese. it had too much of the tomato base sauce, felt liquid types to eat, and missed on the salt component, so it relli wasnt satisfying as junk food should be. The chicken pieces were sized good, and the chicken pizzas had much more, almost double the quantity of cheese than the veg pizza. REst all pretty standard for any dominoes store.
Rated The 3.0 rating only for food at a shabbily laid buffet table which actually tasted very nice.. The pros: the mutton cutlets , cheese and chick cutlets , sali chick amazing tangy gravy , chapati , chick dhanshak & rice , patrani basa fish at one point wen they were out of it they started serving fish in aromatic white gravy very well made👍 , and lagan nu custard and bread pudding. Had a good meal with frnds and fly Cons: given a Sunday they were under staffed as told to us by the owner who was actually a college goin kiddo running the place 😅 (nice effort though) the welcome drinks were never served till we finished our meal all the way till dessert .. It's an isolated area heated area in the flip atria mall so the food court area is pretty much shut only barbecue nation n this pala Fala on 4th level .. Thank god for the air 2 coolers or else with room temp bisleri water and room temp cola at the end we cudnt have survived the 2 pm heat.. The chick cuts in both sali chick n dhanshak was not so great huge chuncks of it:. At one point on out insisting they served room temp fresh lime which was flat soda with water and salt so unhygienically made we were very furious at that coz it's very unprofessional of them to having done something like so.. On top of it the service was soo pathetically slow that everytime they were out of some or the other food item on table n had a long wait to refill them till then pretty much your mood is dampened .. There were line waiting coz they were our of cutlery and plates few plates were not even cleaned well .. This was disappointing.. Over all good food yet not intending to return any sooner
Rated The interior is very well crafted, soothing and calm. The location of the restaurant is just in the middle of Junction but as you step in you feel the calmness and relaxed.Costs around the same if there are 3 or more people. The fish patra was really good and so was the dessert.
Rated With the childhood memories we all had going to Atria Mall for the 4D movies, I recently visited the mall and vitnessed this fascinating Parsi and continental restaurant, Pala Fala. I had a variety of Parsi dishes and this Lasagne which was the definition of perfection. From the very first bite, I could say that this is one of the best I have had. A must have for all Italian lovers and this place is a must visit for all Chicken lovers. They also have home delivery so Order now!
Rated Amazing authentic parsi flavours! Love the mutton dhansakh and patra machi..the sale boti is fillled with a mixed of sweet and spicy flavours!
Rated The menu is one entertaining read. The food is delicious... I just wish it wasn't in atria because the mall is empty and depressing to look at. Must try salli boti and biryani... Parsi cutlets rock in general
Rated Just went to check out this new Parsi food place in the otherwise empty food hall at the Atria mall and since we were meeting for lunch at barbeque nation on the same floor, I just had a cooler to quench my thirst. The AC in the food hall was not working so they had placed a few air coolers of their own to cool the place. The service was a bit slow even though there were not too many customers. The drink was OK and nothing great. The choice of food was nice but since I had not gone to eat there I just inquired about the choices and left. Food review later after I visit again. Looked promising so will return soon. Update: Went again for the Parsi dinner buffet which is served on the table and is a huge spread with unlimited servings of all items on the buffet menu. The cost is Rs. 599 per person and it also includes a welcome drink. The food is great and all the dishes are very authentic in taste and flavours.
Rated Love Parsi food and was overjoyed to learn of a new restaurant that had opened its doors closeby, albeit in a deserted mall where you fully expect the ethereally beautiful and spine-tinglingly scary ghost of Sadhana to be drifting around with only a candle lighting up the dark. One place where you would definitely not want to have a romantic candlelit dinner for sure ! We chose to order in so were safe from all the side effects. The food arrived after a longish wait due to the power having gone we were told (fiendish cackle in the background). The best of the lot were the mutton cutlets and the chicken cheese croquettes - deep fried and oily but tasty as hell in a 'something your mother would make' kind of way. The other standout was the dhan, dal and prawn patio - actually the dal in its smoked, garlicky glory. The prawn patio was full of decent sized prawns but a trifle sweeter than the palate likes. This theme continued for the rest of the meal, be it the Salli boti or the kheema per edu (egg). The quality of meat used was pretty good in both these dishes - now if only someone controlled the sugar with an iron hand you could have a winner. The patrani macchi was the most disappointing with a over-baked, dry texture and with the chatni simply not being flavourful enough - Britannia came yearningly to mind. Waiting to try the other stuff on the menu before passing the final judgement
Rated The only thing we did not try at Palafal was the continental. Amazing that such a small place has such a vast variety of food. Delectable Parsee and Lebanese cuisine - the patra ni machi with basa was fresh, the green corindar chutney was just the right amount of spice. The chicken cutlets and mutton chops were authentic and the hummus helped soak in the richness of the Parsee food. The chicken salli with chapati though not exactly authentic was delicious with a nice dash of spice. The dhansak didn't quite cut it for me. The buffet is a good option to go for if you want to try out an array of items. The welcome drink pina colada would have been better without the ice diluting the taste. We ended the evening happy full bellies and the tongue yearning for a little more of the laganu custard!!
Rated Parsi cuisine cravings then go the Pala Fala way. A good restaurant displaying yummy parsi cuisine at reasonable prices. Needs to tone down a little bit of the sweetness on their "oh so famous" sali boti but otherwise a must try for varied taste buds. Anu's must try tip: Bharuchi akoori and sali boti.
Rated #salimargi #cheese and #chicken #croquettes #mutton cutlets... Amazing parsi food at the modest new diner at atria.. Parsi dinner buffet.. Total paisa vasool
Rated Usual fare of south indian dishes and snacks, if you are in worli idli dosa uttapa etc. I have had this couple of times so i can say i have been pretty satisfied. considering this is a very economical restaurant. I have not had other dishes here so i cannot comment on those.
Rated Good old waali feeling got me in here. Was heading to ccd but came across this place when I decided to try. Must say, it has a classic feeling. Chai was superb, a bit milky as I like it. When I read the reviews, most said to go for only South Indian food. However I went for a toasted sandwich which came out to be really good. I sat here for an hour and finished my work. No one bothered to ask or hint that you need to leave. That's what I liked about the place. Gonna be a regular one here whenever I visit worli. Keep it up.
Rated Good food, as expected from a decent Udupi restaurant. Idlis, dosas and medu wada is all as expected. Very light on pocket. However, service is pretty much mediocre. Servers would drop sambhar here and there on the table while serving. Location is good, after heating bucket loads of south indian food, one can go for a walk on the worli sea face. Caution : Google maps shows it at a wrong place. Zomato's location is correct. We had to walk for 10 minutes after reaching where google maps were showing.
Rated One nostalgic south indian restaurant where you can have filter coffee and dosa, Grill sandwich is also worth trying once. The service is amazing. Perfect family place
Rated Quick service..to the extent of getting your bill even before you're finished eating 😁 well that's the case for this udipi, just like so many others. But at least you know that most food will be pretty fresh. So try their tomato omelette sandwich- Think it's called toast omelette, their idlis and dosas and their pav bhaji and masala pav. In fact I quite like their bhaji. Even their puri bhaji is decent. Good option if you're on the go,pressed for time and hungry!
Rated Old nostalgic great dosas pav bhaji one of the best udipis close to worli seaface so can go for a stroll after a meal that doesnt cost much.
Rated Went for shopping at worli area then being hungry i found this place. It was sunday but got the table in 15minz. We ordered paneer tikka masala and roti which was well prepared. Good family restaurant.
Rated One of the best indian food restaurants in Mumbai. The black dal and the veg biryani was spectacular. The taftaan Nan, paneer kulcha was very good too. The appetizers - stuffed mushrooms and veg galowti kebabs were tasty and surprisingly not very spicy. The Kolkatta pan ice cream was simply outstanding. The rasmalai was disappointing.
Rated Walk into the place and it is dripping opulence, Sahib room is from an era of the glorious (not so much for us, though) British Raj and the menu might seem to allude to that age. Ambiance is heavenly and so much space between tables is unfathomable in a city like Mumbai. The food though was just a little bit disappointing. This is one restaurant I was expecting to give an uncontested 5 to. For starters we had the Gilawati Kabab which was not as tender as expected, the Vilayati Jheenga Achari which was outstanding and an Afghani Tikka which was also brilliant. In the main course, the Sahib Ki Khaas Dal Makhani was again a let down while the other gravies that we had were passable. The Roomali Roti was strangely hard and rather crisp. For the desserts, the Kolkata Meetha Paan Ice Cream was glorious! The Rasmalai and Malpua, not so much
Rated This place from long time has been on my wishlist! So expectations were great. Most of the times reservation is necessary. The ambience is striking and yet pleasant. The concept of fine dine is well justified. The tikkas and shorbas(soups) were delicious. The disappointment came when some of the liquours mentioned in the menu were not available, for this class of restaurant its not acceptable. The handcrafted cocktail are there speciality and worth trying. The chicken biryani was good. The service was very quick than expected. If you want to try north indian food and you are ready to shell to extreme, do visit this place.
Rated It's unfair of me to review Sahib Room especially since I ordered only the paneer tikaa for the lunch meeting. The light filling, multiple capsicums served by helpful staff at the restaurant. Enjoyed the place, would love to come back for a lot more. Recommended.
Rated Sahib room has surely justified the concept of fine dine and mughlai food. The place is priced well compared to its competitors in other such hotels. The grand entrance which has a wonderful marble display before it seems just right. I landed up there for a business meet with a client who loves to eat tandoori food but is allergic to onion and garlic x_X but we were delighted that would prepare the chicken specially for us. The names of the dishes are way to complicated for naming here. So we asked for a chicken tikka and an asparagus soup both were made specially for us without onion and garlic. Along with this we got the paneer tikka and the special for the day which was hara bhara kebbab. Each dish was made brilliantly the chicken being soft and well cooked. The asaparagus soup was flavourful. The paneer was delicious and super soft. The hara bhara kebab was crispy and tasted amazing. For the main course we called for the paneer makhani, black daal and saag with aloo. For the breads we called for the roomali roti butter naan the pudina paratha and the aloo kulcha. The food was upto the level expected from this place. The paneer gravy being sweet as it should be the. The daal was buttey and tasty the rotis were all cooked well. Do try the aloo kulcha and the pudina paratha they were undoubtedly the best of the lot. Must try place if you want some excusite food experience. :
Rated Just went there last night. The decor does make you feel you are at a fine dining place. And yes it was packed on a Thursday. But as compared to Ziya the food was OK. No dish left a impression or made you go wow. Started with lamb chops and sai mirch chicken. Both recommended by the the Stewart. Average . more like home cooked food on a special day. The pan martini was different and good. For main course khade murg ... Which was again a refined tomato gravy. Yes one should try that. Don't miss the dal Makhani. It was yum. Less quantity though. Creamy and understated. Zaffran roti ...soft and exotic try. Paratha was so so. Give the Pan ice cream a miss. It's same old. The pricing was not bad. All in all decent show but its not legendary. And yes guys I had told you it was my wife's bday ... You could have done something special... A lil effort...
Rated Great service n awesome food. Terrific ambience. Nice place to have long conversations. The biryani is to die for. Same with the starters. All in all, a perfect 5.
Rated If you are missing eating in a royalty place head to sahib room in St. Regis in Lower parel. It's a beautiful restaurant with rajasthani folk instrumental music flowing in and crystal antique lamp shades kept by the sofa. They have an interesting sleek frame of kings hung on the wall. The food is outstanding. We tried the guchhi and matar kebab. Well, this was the only dish which was not at par with other guchhi dishes served in other restaurants but the chutney did the trick. Dum ka Tinda was very well done with stuffed mashed peas in a red gravy. Dal musallam was a mix of kaali daal and dal tadka with an apt taste. Lehsooni lachedaar naan was amazingly crispy. There was this waqri malai paratha which was not as interesting as its name. Do try the rabdi, it's worth the calories and the portion is huge so can be shared by 2 or 3 people. The service was very fast and the staff was very warm. Food : 4.7 Ambience : 4.8 Service : 5
Rated Truely luxurious...Went for a special occasion of my parents anniversary... We ordered most of the dishes that have been reviewed in Zomato...for starters it was sahib ke khaas gilawat(softest kebabs ever with mango chutney), pudina paneer tikka, gongura jhinga and Kali Mirch Murg... For main course it was dal Makhani without fail, Khada masala paneer and khade masale ka Murg with rotis... The food is absolutely to die for... We reached at 10pm and left at 12pm..I would have rated it 5 but the staff was not very courteous towards the end and hurried to close the restaurant...(customer service is the key) you can't hurry people to eat...anyways Being a luxurious restaurant it costed us a bomb but worth the experience... Overall a must visit place for the food!
Rated Got a chance to dine at Sahib. Its the king of all the indian restaurants around. Had Mutton Gulauti Kebab.... Its was very neatly minced and it melted in my mouth. Ordered a Kacchhe Ghost ki Biryani and the way it sounded was exactly the way it tasted. No words. It was indeed a royal indian food experience. A highly recommended place for all those foodies who are kebab fans and Offcourse its expensive.
Rated This place is absolutely amazing! The variety of food is brilliant! They don't call it Seven Kitchens for no reason! It is expensive but worth it. :)
Rated The review is actually long overdue Now frankly speaking I dint know this place existed... I don't know how it was off my food radar. I've sinned... :-p I was scouting for a place to go out on valentines day...and I'm so glad we came here...now the place is a tiny bit pricey...but it's worth every penny you pay... Heads up...be early..cause you need your time to try all that food...and trust me you can't leave out anything on the menu... The staff is courteous...very professional...and make you feel special... The ambience is great...overlooking the Bombay skyline... And their spread is spectacular....right from the soup to the dessert...the dessert section is so elaborate...you actually need to pan your camera to get it all in a frame... It's work of art... People with a sweet tooth...you can literally have a meal of it... Very detailed...extremely well thought out... Now I could go on and on about this place....but I very strongly suggest you go there, the very next chance to get to... Kudos to the entire team...for the lovely evening...
Rated It's a little hyped I feel since the food is very western. Pizzas were unavailable and the pastas were veg. Dimsums were not there. They have an entire section just for cold cuts but honestly for such an expensive buffet they ought to do something more. But i would definitely recommend going there if you like fancy places because the ambience is 5 on 5. The St. Regis hotel is one of the pretiest and the amazing fragrance everywhere is just beautiful. They need to make their food less pan asian and concentrate on making the taste better for all cuisines. Indian food was totally neglected. The chicken kebab was very rubbery and the biriyani was so bad that I couldn't eat more than two spoons. Desserts are the best here. But paying a bomb for just desserts is a bit too much. Overall 3/5 because I feel its a decent experience but not worth the money.
Rated The best five star breakfast buffet I have had in India! While of course you find all the usual suspects in the buffet, it's the little details that made it a 5 star experience. Toppings for oatmeal:Apricot and fig compotes, caramelised banana, cranberries. All so good. The most amazing vanilla sauce to drizzle all over your pancakes (in addition to the usual toppings of maple syrup, cram, chocolate sauce etc) Table side service of a freshly squeezed Apple, pear celery finger juice. Excellent coffee. Breakfast pastries: the best assortment I have seen, including a super fresh, flaky cheese croissant. These were just some of those details. Can't recommend it highly enough.
Rated Great food for a 24hr restaurant. Enjoyed my fresh crisp dosa here and the bircher Museli was awesome. The poha tasted great too. Came back at 4pm for a late lunch. Tried their Mutton biryani. The meat could've been a Little tender but the rice and the spices were really great.great service too.
Rated So I was actually here over a week ago now but I had 3 buffet breakfasts whilst staying. Oh. My. Lord. Best buffet I've ever seen. I didn't know what to choose or where to start the options are that wide and will cater for anything you want. Everything I had was to die for and my personal favourite would have to be the Bircher muesli, the homemade granola and the almond milk banana milkshake that was made specially. The staff are super attentive and friendly too.
Rated After a self debate as to which restaurant would be able to provide me with a good spread of vegetarian food along with a scrumptious desserts to satisfy my sweet tooth decided to head here after reading reviews online. While initially was a bit sceptical if the restaurant would be able to live up to the name it has as the off late review were speaking the other way. However right from the time we entered to the end I would only say one thing that Seven Kitchen over exceeded the expectation. We were greeted well at the reception by the lady and seated to our table of choice. Tushar the service head came and greeted us and guided us on a virtual tour of the buffet. The buffet was a spread like a continent with each section having a specific cuisine & food to offer. The section available to foodies being: 1. Fruits & Moctail 2. Chaat 3. Asian 4. Continental 5. Italian 6. Indian 7. Salad and cheese 8. Soups, Breads & Munchies 9. Sushi 10. Desserts Each of the section having a good mix of vegetarian and non-vegetarian food offering. Each section having a good variety of food to choose from. Never would you fall short of options on any section. To start with we had the Soup and Breads. Across different sections there were 3 variety on offer: 1. Tomato soup 2. Clear soup 3. Shorbha They had a good range of breads to go by. The most mouthwatering of the lot being the cheese and garlic buns. Ohh what an offering with each bite you just can't stop yourself from eating more. But so stop yourself as when you go to each section you would surely be facing a similar situation. Next to try were the Indian chaats. A whole range of options to choose from kachori chaat, papdi chaat, kothmiriwada chaat, Bhel , sevpuri, samosa and dry snacks. We had the kachori and kothmirwada chaat. They were yummy. Excellent balance of taste and spiciness. Most of the times the chaat at buffet goes wrong on taste but was glad to see them here getting it right & right to the T. Next was the Momo and Sushi. 1 vegetarian and 2 non vegetarian options on Momo and 2 veg and 2 non veg sushi. The corn cheese Momo were delicious. The corn were mashed so well that the same were just melting in the mouth with the blend of cheese. The sushi were cooked well and went of with the sauces. Moving to the Indian starters we had the Adraki Paneer Tikka and Aloo. The Panner were extremely soft and juicy, well marinated and topped with corriander. The Aloo were cooked well but in front of the Panner lacked the flavors. The chutney kept along was nice and compliments the starters. On the continental front you had the mini potatoes with garlic and parsley, country side vegetable. A good option to choose from. On the mains you had the baked lasagne. The same could have been better. The vegetable were a bit undercooked and the pasta layers were a bit thick. The same however had a good layer of cheese on top and a heaven for cheese lovers. On the Italian side one could choose from the live counter setup for Pasta and Pizza. Tried the Alfredo Pasta in Penne. The sauce was juicy but could have been more cheesy. The pizza is a thin crust pizza with 3 option on topping to choose from. Tell them to make it crispy and they would be more than happy to customise it as per your choice. Well didn't have the Indian main course but the spread is appetising and surely something that you may want to try. On the table were Panner, Mix Vegetable, Aloo & Bharwan Mirchi. Had two variety of Rice to choose from and the Roti were looking extremely soft and served hot on the table. They have over 7-8 variety of pickle to compliment the Indian food. A separate section for non vegetarian food and grilled section thus no mixing for those foodies who don't like it to see it together. On the Asian side you have the live kitchen right in front offering noodles tossed with 2 type of gravy and they would be more than happy to customise it as per your taste buds. Right at the centre of the buffet is big spread of salads for all foodies who are looking at healthy food options. A choice of atleast over 7-8 salads both on the vegetarian and non vegetarian side each. Tried the hummus and pita bread. It was tasty. The pita bread were soft. Coming to the most sinful part of the food offering is the desserts. Well yes the section is right at the place where you enter from but what better place to have as you know exactly how much you need to have at buffet as you can't afford to miss this if you are comfortable indulging in the sin. A dessert spread of over 20 variety a mix of atleast 10 Indian and 10 English . Indian spread having Malpua, Rabdi, saffron kesar, anjeer roll, malai sandwich etc. English spread having 6-7 variety of pastries, Hot chocolate pudding, chocolate tart, raspberry delight etc. 10 variety of ice cream to choose from have this right at the end to satisfy the sweet craving. For foodies who like to have waffles and crepe they have a live counter, with a variety of toppings to go by. Tell them and they shall make small waffles for you to go by. I surely could not leave by without indulging in almost all the desserts. Standout of the lot being the chocolate and strawberry pastry, Malpua, Malai Sandwich and the hot chocolate pudding. Service was attentive and were standing by to assist and cleaning the table with each round you complete. Overall a great spread to have and surely one of the biggest dessert spread on offering. Looking forward to drop by now on the Sunday brunch in the days to come.
Rated A good place for a classy dinner night. Serves good buffet, desserts are too tasty. A nice place for a once in a while rich treatment. Service is pretty good but those opting for a buffet have to help themselves!
Rated A good location for Sunday brunch Pros: - Great selection of food for Sunday brunch - Reasonably priced for the quality of food and drink - Free flow Moet and Chandon Champagne - Live music during brunch, but kept at a pleasant volume Cons: - Staff are sometimes slow or reluctant to refill champagne
Rated Amazing Sunday brunches are epic when they involve endless conversations, melt in the mouth food (that Dora Kebab is worth starting a war) and that view. Was indeed great fun catching up with @chefyajushmalik and recalling IHM days. But seriously, that Dora Kebab is what i will keep coming back for. Also the Baked Alaska - superb way to end a great meal.
Rated What an ambience this place has in the evening. One should book a table in advance. Zomato helps you in that. Awesome food. Fresh, perfectly baked and great taste. Jalebi with cheesecake is must try
Rated It's a beautiful place. Must have on your must go restaurants list in Mumbai. Located in Mahalaxmi Racecourse complex. Perfect time to visit : Just before sunset. Things I liked : 1-Location / View 2- Food 3- Ambiance 4- Decor 5- Staff Things I didn't like : 1- Directions once we enter the Mahalaxmi Racecourse complex 2- Menu rates (Slightly expensive Food and alcohol rates) 3- More options on the menu 4- Since there are tables near the bar and it gets really difficult to speak once the bartender is making a drink using a mixer. 5- Customer engagement. Since I had gone to celebrate a special occasion I was expecting a photographer who could click us. Overall I'll give 3.5/5
Rated I went to this place for lunch with my Frnds. It's inside the race course but lovely place n view. Very spacious. Amazing food. Quality of food was excellent. We had mutton dori, tandoori prawns, Goan fish, breads, lamb and lovely Alaska dessert with choco truffle whisky with ice cream. Desserts were the highlight followed by prawns n mutton dori. Salmon fish was very tender but curry was too sour. Rotis were soft and perfectly cooked just like other meat. Lovely hospitality but one thing which was let down was service which was extremely slow. Truffle choco dessert is must try along with prawns tandoori. It's expansive but worth it once a while. For a change in this place even washrooms were clean😄😄👍🏻
Rated Located inside Mahalaxmi racecourse this restaurant lives on to all of the COLLECTION it's featured in - Hidden Gem, Romantic, Legendary. The ambience is quite with music humming in the background and excellent view of the racecourse in short perfect for a romantic date. Best time to visit is between 4 - 6 when u can see the the racecaorse at dusk. The staff are very corteous and knowledgeable. We went with their recommendations and ordered Chicken Dori Kebab in starter followed by Chicken Kamlimiri and Roomali roti. The food was delicious. The kebabs were soft and had some stuffing inside which was perfect. So were the main coarse. Ps - don't forget to remove of chicken dori kebab before eating. The staff helps you with seperating it.
Rated We had always been fascinated by this place with its beautiful decor and location inside Mahalaxmi Race Course. The place looked all shiny and glowy with beautiful decor. So, we decided to try this place out on a special occasion and booked a table for dinner. We reached at around 9 and the place was all full with mostly families and foreigners. Anyhow, so the place is tucked away in a quaint corner of the Race Course and is covered with creepers and vegetation. It lends a charm to the place. So, we sat down to ordering and we ordered a Dahi Papdi Chaat, a chicken liver pate, one chicken continental dish which was made with red wine reduction and a naan and dal. The food came in at ease, we weren't complaining as we loved the place, its energy and ambience. The papdi chaat was good, maybe needed a bit more curd and sweetness. The pate was slightly underwhelming because of the quality of bread which was too thin and the pate which didn't have any additions like raspberry or some reduction making it thick and dense and difficult to eat. My chicken dish was good with mashed potatoes and garlic, loved it. The Indian food was also good. Finally we ordered a jalebi cheesecake. We loved the concept of dish and its taste too, however didn't like the orange dish so much because of its over powering sweetness. Overall a good adventure and plenty of memories!!
Rated One of the best places for a peaceful lunch. Classy ambience with an equally classy view accompanied by scrumptious food and very welcoming staff. Went there yesterday late afternoon and was totally surprised that place wasn't crowded. A place like this should be more reachable but I guess that's what makes it special. Definitely going to take out more time to visit again.
Rated Truly a hidden gem! Tucked inside the Mahalaxmi race course, this restaurant serves great food and a wide spread of drinks. The service was good overall, apart from the fact that the server had to be told to pay more attention on the table and not on the cricket match going on the TV above our table. Comfortable seating around the bar area, decent range of vegetarian starters and delicious desert. We skipped the mains but everything that was being served around looked great. Will definitely go back for a meal with a larger appetite!
Rated This place takes you through a modern time line of Mumbai city. With a amazing backdrop of Mahalaxmi Racecourse amidst greenery and antique but evergreen woodwork. The view is so mesmerising that you would want sit all day long. The food also compliments the back drop perfectly. Have tried Continental and Indian both which are really good but somehow here I get carried away a lot with Indian Cuisine. The Vegetable Kofta Curry is mouth watering and Har Har ki Dal is also yummy in Non Veg The Galouti Kebab are melt in the mouth.In Continental starters Stuffed Mushroom and Cream of Mushroom soup which is served with two bread sticks and one Cheese topped bread and is good in Veg and in Non Veg Chicken cecelia and Chicken al a Kiev is good and for Mains Veg Cannelloni. And Herb Bread and Garlic Bread are worth a try. This place is no doubt one of the best places in town.
Rated If u wanna be spellbound by the sheer mounting of a place, the big door, the greenery amidst which it is set up, the way it overlooks the race course nd how it wonderfully uses wood and those big windows n curtains, the chandeliers to vreate an old world charm.. this one's the place.. an an instant pleasure to the eyes.. The same goes for the food as well.. we had ordered a crostini, a watermelon n feta salad, and BBQ chicken tenders.. all of which were too delicious and had come in hefty portions.. leaving us the heavy stomach nd a full heart.. Definitely a dinner date place.. !! Should have it on the wishlist..
Rated WOW! Thats how I would describe the place in three alphabets. It was for an eve snacks and tea i visited this place. I little tough to find for a Delhite like me, but I guess the place doesnt need any introduction. The Visual appeal ambiance of the place is nothing like I have ever seen. Its superb and class apart. Coming to the food, We have ordered Goat Cheese Xangles and Corn and Vegetabel Cigars, We liked them so much that we repeated the ordered. Part from that we had Makaibari Tea ( My First experience with the same, It really had a good after taste which lingers) and my Companion ordered Darjeeling First Flush. I would highly recommend the place to delhite. I dont think Delhi has a place like this.They should open one like this in Del too
Rated The ambience and decor deserves a 5/5 no doubt haven't seen such a diff place in some time. I think being in the same premise as good earth makes the differences Food we order vegetable cigars which weren't too great. The risotto was ok, strong flavored of kaffir lime. The veg spaghetti was the highlight ! The herbs were distinguishable and overall good experience for the taste buds. Service needs some improvement - we had to repeat each request at least twice for some one to act upon.
Rated This place is beyond all the best things I can imagine. It's always gives memorable experience. This place is an art all my five sense suddenly become so alive, I feel so much love n beauty in decor, food, the smell of the place, the music n the it makes me feel overall. It's good to visit for anything & everything. Private parties n book launches you name it & this place is going to make your occasion more special n memorable.
Rated Visited this place on 7th April, 2016 at around 1.00 in the afternoon. I am literally lured by this place. It's a perfect place for a date, a business meeting or if you just want chill enjoy and sip over their amazing collection of wine! The ambience is highly classy but at the same time their price a little high for the pocket! I paid 1600 for almost 2 glasses of Sangria(must have!) and their Quinoa Salad with Feta and Roasted Hazel Nut!(you need to have the taste to have such things) None the less the sangria was unlimited so I could have a couple of glasses more but still I feel the on a whole it's little expensive. The only flaw I found was the air conditioning system which seemed to be not working as it was getting a little warm stuffy out there. Wowness is guaranteed if you are visiting for the first time. Recommend it strongly if you are looking for a nice classy chick ambience and atmosphere! Will definitely comeback to have their other dishes too!
Rated The Tasting Room is a great location which really makes you feel as if you were in a fairy tale world, recommended to chill out with your friends and also on a date! I love the idea of combining it with the fabulous Good Earth showroom! The interiors are fantastic and the food is also outstanding, I recommend Mezze Asian inspired tenderloin carpaccio, Smoked salmon with citrus flavor, roast chicken radish with micro greens, Kaffer lime and mascarpone risotto, Baileys mousse tiramisu, their wonderful serving of white tea and Virgin watermelon caipiroska. For a cocktail lover and former barmaid like me it’s a shame to see they only offer mocktails or wine cocktails (too sweet and pricey), as if they turned their recipes into real cocktails it would be awesome! Especially as wine here in India is expensive and it’s the only option here with sangria, which to be honest I don’t like as it’s too sweet and actually overpriced too. And the music they play is always so good, it gets me carried away from conversations, eheh!
Rated Very nice restaurant, with tastefully done interiors and nice music. It's exactly what you'd expect from Good Earth, in terms of fit-out, furniture and deco items. I was impressed upon walking in, and set high expectations for the evening. This is a restaurant for wine lovers. Why do I say this ? Well, they only serve wines on the alcohol list. What's unique is they have wine combos and you're not committed to buying a bottle or buying wines by the glass. The combos are by white or red and a selection of 4 to 5 different wines in each combo. If that's not enough, they serve a cheeseboard as part of the combo. So there you are, this is a good place for wine lovers. The food is very good - kudos to the chef. Whatever we ordered was excellent and left us wanting more. Good food presentation and wonderful taste. Pity we couldn't eat a dessert each, which would've helped sample so much more on the menu. Not wanting to miss out on the staff, they are really good. Very polite and courteous, they are good with their suggestions once they understood your tastes / preferences. And the food and beverage service isn't slow by any standards. Given a chance, I'm definitely going back here for a relaxed evening with good wine and great food.
Rated The food, the drinks, the decor and the ambience is just perfect! I love their marinade watermelon feta cheese salad, the best I've had in Mumbai. I visited them last weekend and absolutely loved the food - they customised the pasta as per our requirements and the portion was good enough for two of us. This was my second visit and totally worth it. The service too is quite good.
Rated 8th march women's day and plus frnds birthday so double occassion to celebrate. Intially found difficulty in finding the place as it did not have its sign boards anywhere.. .. so for first timers its better to search with name The Good Earth.. But finally landed at the place.. it was a quiet place. Very peacefully ambience. Since a women day was welcome with a free mocktail. To start with had a ordered a salad baked beetroot ....salad... surely even kids nt eating beetroots would love it. Nxt came in was a mese dip... 3dips one of them was a brinjal amd would say anyone does nt like brinjal should try this dip. .. from the taste platter and in main course it was a mushroom studel its consists of 2 pieces so interms of quantity a little less but tht too was simply perfect. Overall a those not in love or never tried euporean recipes shld certainly start developing a taste for euporean recipes from here. Could not gt a chance to try its desert as we were running late to rush to our second destination. But would certainly find a reason to hop in agn just fr desert. (Al the cusines tasted were veg.)so comments on non veg dishes. Food 8.5/10 Ambience 9/10 Service 10/10 Value for money 6/10( because of al taxes we end up paying).
Rated One of my all time favorite places to go. This place never disappoints whether it's for lunch, dinner, casual drinks or even for desserts. A wine lover myself, this place has amazing wine list to choose from. The food is so delicious that I can't pin point what is great and not. I have been here uncountable times and have almost tried everything on the menu. Even few dishes which are not there anymore on the menu, they can whip it up whenever you crave😋
Rated Had my breakfast over here on the 7th of April, 2016 This place is a part of the furniture shop in Raghuvanshi Mills Lower Parel, could be a little hard to locate! Had their cappuccino, banofe and quesdilla! Dint really find the place very appealing! The cappuccino I had left burnt notes of flavour, which I dint appreciate! Also their quantity compared to cost is quite low. Quesdilla with beans and cheese again was very bland,though it was wholesome for two but I still think it could have been much much better taste, my aunt at home definitely makes better than these guys! Banofe shake was something new which I had pretty mixed feelings about its tastes! The cafe is less crowded (at least when I was there!?) and a quick option if you are working near Raghuvanshi Mills. They charge you service charge which I don't appreciate because that's a form of forced tip and not govt. tax. After increasing price on service tax I don't feel people would appreciate a service charge. Even after a certain amount of discount I found this place to expensive I rather would go to Starbucks. They have good huge sofas which makes it a little cozy if your in that mood! Dont really think I would visit this place! The person who served us was good and smiling!
Rated My experience here was pretty Okay specially after hearing a lot about this place.... We tried paneer Kathi roll which were pretty average (could have been way better), we ordered Greek salad but it turned out that something in it tasted stale and lastly the nachos spoilt things totally.... Who puts tomatoes in nachos... Plus nachos had very very less cheese... Overall experience has been ok.... Would really wonder whether to go again!
Rated My mission to discover new cafes continues with my visit to Cafe Zen. Fundamentally a vegetarian café, this one is a good option for those who are particular about kitchens being purely veg. Me being a strict non-vegetarian, I still didn’t mind this veggie delight of a café. Especially because it is hidden inside a furniture store, so the place wasn’t crowded when I visited. That’s a thing I treasure in cafes around Bombay. A table in a corner where you are left to yourself with your book. The ambience is pretty nice - Cozy, Quaint… I started with sautéed mushrooms, which were a bit too much in quantity for a single person but it can make a good sharing plate for two or three people. To wash the fungi down, I had a Latte Macchiato which is their milder version of the traditional Macchiato. Though I prefer my caffeine kick stronger, harder, this one was still a nice change from my routine macchiato as I was in a bit of experimental mode when I ordered this one. Then came the Pumpkin Ravioli which was quite luscious. The Café Mocha I ordered to wash it down was also nicely done. With all this in my tummy, I didn’t have space to try out their desserts. Maybe next time…
Rated It's quite tricky to find this restaurant. Finally we figured it out last night. I must admit this place is very different from all the restaurant. It's situated right inside a furniture store. Let me share my 2 cent on this place Pros - Nice place to hangout - Less crowded - Staff extremely courteous - Quite and calm. - Nobody bothers to disturb you. - Awesome food. We ordered soup, pizza and garlic bread. All the food items were delicious. Good to see restaurant focusing on quality rather than on menu card option. Cons - Difficulty in figuring out this place It's a must visit restaurant for everyone.
Rated I visit lower Parel very frequently but hadnt noticed this place before... Happened to check this out on Zomato.. Visited on a Wednesday night.. I was pleasantly surprised to see how spacious this place was! It is actually a combination of two restaurants - zen that serves Italian and Ithaca that serves Lebanese.. I haven't seen a more expensive vegetarian menu anyway else! We ordered few starters and broccoli pasta for mains.. Loved the food!
Rated Zen cafe is a hidden gem inside the mills area of Lower Parel! Never expected this kind of a place here! The ambience is nice and simple. And it's a pure veg place which is rare to find these days. The thin crust pizza was very nice. It's a nice quiet place and we had a good time.
Rated A pure Veg Cafe out of a shop? The Zen Cafe is unusual in an location but excellent in what it has to offer. We wanted our Friday night to be a rather quiet one, and Zen Cafe was the perfect choice we made. We ordered a Zen Platter, Avacado Sushi, Latte Macchiato and a Chocolate Mud Cake. The cafe macchiato was the best coffee we have had till date and it came with a cookie which were exorbitant! We asked for a plate of that as well... Uhmmm delightful experience and a brilliant place. We will definitely definitely hit this place again!
Rated Situated next to Phoenix Mills and tucked away on top of a high-end furniture store could make this place a teeny bit hard to find but don't let that deter you, this place is a gem. Now this won’t be the best place to visit if you’re with a group of people. Better visited with a date or even with a book. Nice ambience and I love those bottles with which you’re served water. Oh and they play these really nice old European songs which make the experience really pleasant. In the end I did try to get my hands on the music but couldn’t since the staff had no access to it. The menu is small and simple but has some really lovely dishes. The nachos were exceptional. A really nice and chic place overall *beautiful french music playing in the background*
Rated The name is what drew me to this place Ambience : Located inside the 1st floor of a furniture store. The quiet you experience here especially during dinner is remarkable. Food : Called for the zen platter ( it had a whole bunch of things ) 10/10 for this one. It felt organic and light.Next came the delight,there was a desert crawl on and lots of ppl were coming in,flashing some map and having a desert.When we asked the owner he gave us a complimentary strawberry yoghurt desert that was yummm. We also ordered the ganache hazelnut desert ( lovededd it ). Service : The staff here is very polished,well informed and quick.kudos to them! I certainly want to go back to the zen cafe to try out some more things !!!!
Rated This is a quaint place near Cafe Zoe. Their cookies are too good. I've tried their chocochip and Nutella sea salt and loved them! Little high priced for the quantity but it was awesome! Have visited twice in a month's time!
Rated A blue cafe in one corner of mathuradas mills compound.. SFM famous for its cookies is worth the visit.. We had chocklate crunchy cookie with ice cream.. The cookie was soft delicious and savoury.. We went late so couldn't try other stuff.. The waffle machine was also not working so couldn't have them... suggestion kindly add on a few more desserts with cookies 😊
Rated TRY THE SMORES COOKIES AND THEN CRAVE THEM FOR THE NEXT 2 DAYS. This place serves really expensive but pretty amazing cookies their brownies too are worth a try.. However the staff is kinda mean here, so that.
Rated Cookies..!! Very few places in Mumbai where cookies are scrumptious and this definitely figures on the list. Slightly overpriced, this cute little blue-walled cafe is paradise for cookie lovers. Tried the nutella and sea salt which was as amazing as everyone says. The salt did wonders to enhance the taste! Tried the new variety of cookies and chocolate- traditional and tasty. Lastly, S'mores. Marshmallow on cookies didn't really work for me. Will suggest to skip this one. Overall, Cookie and dessert lovers, try it out!
Rated This is a tiny place in the Mathuradas Mills Compound with a name inspired by one of the best music artists. They make some really good cookies and shakes. So maybe when you are done with a meal, this is the best place for desert in the vicinity.
Rated A very very small place though decorated well from inside.. there is neither any privacy nor any comfortable seating arrangements to have some quality eating time.. Ordered double chocolate chip cookie which was soft warm chocolatey for sure.. Next Nutella milkshake which was not at all good both in terms of taste n quantity. May be should only go for cookies here.. But didnt find anything that great to be honest !
Rated This is more of a take away joint as there's sparse seating. Ordered Nutella milkshake and the Nutella sea-salt cookie. The Nutella sea salt cookies;MAD. Trust me they were the most crunchy from the outside and soft centered cookies, just the way they need to be. Milkshake was average. You will be spoilt for choice as there's a gamut of varieties to choose from. Its like getting lost in sweet paradise.
Rated Had the dark chocolate truffle cookie and Nutella milkshake. The cookie checked all the right boxes that the Cookie Monster had laid down centuries ago. It was chewy, gooey and loaded with chocolate, lots of it. And the diameter of the cookie was huge. The Nutella milkshake was perfect. It had a slight salty undertone to it which was great as it cut through the extreme sweetness of Nutella. The prices are on the steeper side but the meal is definitely worth it. Cookie Monster definitely approves of this place.
Rated Blue shop leads to chocolatey heaven !!! When I saw the shop I had no idea what it was . I was on my way to some other place and the whimsical decor caught my eye. Though the place is a cuddled-up nest .. Sweetish House Mafia knows cookies.. Since there are very few eateries that serve cookies that make you go *NOM NOM NOM* Sea salt cookie and the choco chip cookie deserve a special mention. The cookie - milk combo makes you feel all mushy inside! The coffee served is good too. Be sure to try each one ... I am yet to find a cookie that I didn't want to take a second bite of. *Stuffs mouth with SHM cookies* PS: Special mention to Ms. Neha Sethi : the brain behind SHM .A great inspiration.She is one tough cookie! :)
Rated As written zomato the cookies here are really something one doesn't want to stop munching. First of all the location is a little hard to find for someone not so familiar to Mumbai. The interior is simple and sweet. The ambience is a casual café kind. Coming to the cookies they are just awesome. They just melt in the mouth and the texture is really smooth. I've never had this good cookies before. The Double Chocolate Chip & Dark Chocolate Truffle cookies had such a great flavour of cocoa & there was a perfect balance of sweetness in it. I had S'mores for the first time, I don't like marshmallows but I just loved these. The best of all was Nutella & Sea Salt. This place is a must visit for ones looking to indulge their Sweet Tooth ;-)
Rated Couldn't get a reservation for lunch but got the walk in reservation at 12PM on a Sunday. The first thing that stands out is the isometric chaos of their quirky interiors. The menu has a huge variety of dishes with overall good quality food. Two things that have brought the rating down for me - The portions of many dishes were too tiny simply because the serving plates are so small. Secondly, they forgot to prepare a dish I had ordered. (which they apologised for) They offered us a watermelon and basil palate cleanser in the start and a yuzu wasabi sorbet before the main course. Both were refreshing and delicate. What I ate 》 STARTERS Vegetarian: ● Beer battered avocado tacos, corn and scallions kimchi: *Recommended for vegetarians. I quite enjoyed this starter. ● Edamame: ❌do not even both ordering. The portion size was so tiny that we could literally count the edamame pods. It was bland as well. Non-vegetarian ● Chicken taco: OK in flavour. ● Pork belly: *recommended. Winner! DIMSUM ● Spicy berkshire pork baos: *HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. VERY cute presentation and perfectly flavoured pork filling inside a freshly steamed bao. SUSHI ● Hamachi (yellow tail): Delicious sushi ● Unagi Sashimi: *HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. This was just unreal. Super fresh and smooth as butter. ● Sushi pizza: Quite a weird dish... Sushi on a crispy base with a spicy mayo drizzle. SALAD ● Som Tam - raw papaya salad: Not a very well balanced salad. Decent but could have been more sour and spicy. MAINS ● Shangainese Style Pork Belly: Delicious but similar to the pork belly starter. ● Nasi Goreng rice: very good! ● Pad Thai: Also very good. I recommend both these dishes. I wanted to try the Peanut Crusted Ikan Bakar but they forgot to put in the order. We also wanted to order Braised Lamb Chops but apparently they only serve it for dinner as it has to be marinated for a long time. Sunday lunch is the most important meal of the week and they should marinate the chops in advance in order to serve it then. Shame. DESSERT ● Mochi ice cream 2.0: Never tried mochi before and I must say, the flavours were very interesting. There was truffle, mango, strawberry banana and white pepper ice cream with in a delicate mochi covering. Quite unique. ● Liquid hazelnut fondant with matcha and white pepper quenelle: Chocolate heaven!
Rated I'm probably gonna get a lot of resentment for this, but I found it over rated. Perhaps I built up too much hype, and it just couldn't live up to those standards. Don't get me wrong, it's a great place but worth a second visit? Not too certain. Yes it's innovative and unique, but after all the exterior extravagance, the goods left me disappointed. Service: Really good. As expected in a fancy restaurant, service was excellent. They'll provide you with whatever you need. But there's a ton of waiters, so it can be difficult to locate your waiter. The waiters could use a briefing on how the dishes are to be pronounced. Ambience & Décor: It's magnificent, with the pseudo modern hexagons. A mildly lit place, and projectors trying to create a futuristic effect. My problem here was, this style didn't fall under any particular category. It wasn't a dining place, nor a bar. Somewhere in between. Hence there's an unprecedented ambiguity regarding the atmosphere, and somehow it leads one to feel that they're in uncharted territory. Although, you pound down some liquor and this place will feel like anything you want. Food: Classy that they provided an AMUSE-BOUCHE. It had flavours of watermelon and served as a nice palate cleanser. Bubbles, dry ice. I'm perhaps quite narrow-minded, as I found the presentation merely ostentatious. But I appreciate the effort. SAKE NIGIRI. The most basic of sushi. The salmon was perfect. Could've been thicker cuts, but fine. The rice wasn't upto my expectations. The rice is expected to be presoaked in a concoction of water and soy sauce, to give it a little flavour and a lot of stickiness of the latter. However, the rice didn't hold its form, and broke apart with ease. As for flavour, it was great. The ginger was average. The wasabi was the best I've had in a while, extremely potent. Soy sauce was great too. FRUITS DE MER (as it is French, it is pronounced as fru-ee de mehr, not according to the waiter) XO ROLL. You know what? I loved it. A long prawn, wrapped with rice and some fish with a reduced gravy poured atop. I have no complaints. The rice was in a much better form here. SPICY SHIITAKE ROLL. The spicy mayonnaise was amazing. The mushroom flavour was very minimal. Nothing special otherwise. A decent vegetarian dish. BEER BATTERED AVOCADO TACOS. The shells were different, and I liked these ones more. It was deep fried probably. The avocado flavour was absconding. But whatever flavour there was within, I loved it. A pretty nice dish, but sad that there were only three. AZUKI VELVET CAKE. Seriously? Are you joking with me? This was atrocious! How they could serve this, I have no clue. Three elements to it, first Cream Cheese and Red Velvet in a fluffy motley. This was the only thing decent. Then a macaroon. It was soft, sticky(gets stuck between teeth), and just really bad. And the third element, a black currant (I'd wager) flavoured ball. Gross. This has to be one of the worst desserts I've ever had. A vast majority of this restaurant's products are fancy cocktails, since I don't drink, I can't possibly review them. Pa Pa Ya has grown immensely since it was first established, but how, I have no clue. I have now been to each restaurant in Palladium and been disappointed, but this is perhaps the biggest, sheerly because I had hopes. I don't recommend it, but I acknowledge the possibility that we ordered poorly and didn't experience the restaurant the way it was designed to be, hence you may end up enjoying it.
Rated If you wish to have a lasting experience, a memory you would always love boasting about, this is a place to be. This isn't one of those sophisticated restaurants where you get that weird feeling when you're unaware about the variety on the menu card. The staff is very accommodating and suggests, while explaining each and every item, what one should go for, considering his taste and preferences. Every dish is cooked and served with perfection. During my entire time here, I was looking for that one flaw that I could mention in this review but sadly there wasn't any. The pricing is well justified. Although nothing that you order would disappoint you but the dessert "Chocolate Ball on Fire" is highly recommended!
Rated Located at palladium Phoneix mall . Firstly recommend table reservation . To start with food , it's a lovely experiments with various drinks and food . Must try the guava drink or the cranberry juice with oranges. For food must try the lotus stems tossed in honey and the rice . Didn't much like the sushi .... Presentation is something that was extra ordinary. Served in different plates that look like stones / rock pieces....
Rated I hate people who make noise while eating, but I am really sorry ,couldn't help myself the ohhhs and ahhhs did come out with the inevitable umhhnnnn.Yum! Is the word I say.Beautiful decor very pleasing staff and gracious enough to help you ordering right amount of food. what else can you ask for.What can I say my pallet was a happy girl.I tried sushi for the very first time could have not asked for a better place than this.The raw papaya salad was to die for.Forget about the food we order the complimentary pallet cleanser were to die for.The pork baos were little too sweet for my taste but they looked too cute to eat 😉.We had so much of food that there was no room for dessert I so regret that and the people must have felt awkward me oogling at their plates of sweetness sin.The place was about to close this somehow service became slow. am sure they must have been tired from lifting those heavy cutlery nonetheless beautiful.We could have ate more if they would have given little more time to digest the beautiful soulful food we had .
Rated Quirky and contemporary, this eatery has been in the news for all the right reasons. Efficient service (though they need to do something about more space) coupled with great tasting food makes for a fun dining experience. The thai style mushroom dumpling starter was just too good. Veg sushi was good too. They serve everything in a unique way, adding theatre to several dishes. Go here for the feel of the place. Ensure to reserve a table.
